title: Stake Conference
urlname: stake-conference
date: 2008-05-06
author: Rebecca

William and I had the choice opportunity of attending the stake conference of
the San Antonio East Stake where a new stake was formed, the Kyle Texas Stake.
This is a remarkable time for the members of the Church in this area, and the
new stake will present new opportunities for further growth.

A little bit of background. A few months ago, Dad and Mom came to Austin on
official business but didn&#x02bc;t tell us why until we asked pointedly.
(Sometimes we just have to be weaselly about getting information!) Dad told us
that he&#x02bc;d been working with the other stake presidents in the Austin and
San Antonio areas to present a proposal to Salt Lake about forming a new stake
in the Austin-San Antonio area. The idea had come to him after a conversation
he&#x02bc;d had with an Area Authority about all of the small wards and branches
in the little towns in between Austin and San Antonio. Since my parents have
lived in New Braunfels for almost 30 years, they are well acquainted with the
challenges that many of these smaller units face when placed in stakes along
with urban units.

When presented with the opportunity of creating a stake composed of these small
town wards, Dad ran with it. After several months of wheeling and dealing with
the other stake presidents, they&#x02bc;d finally come up with a proposal to
create a new stake consisting of units from three existing stakes, the San
Antonio East Stake, the Austin Oak Hill Stake, and the Austin Stake. (While they
were working out the details on this stake, another stake was being created for
all of the small towns north of San Antonio and Austin, called the Hill Country
Stake. Dad joked that if all of these stake reorganizations had taken place
simultaneously, the Church probably would&#x02bc;ve had to charter a jet for the
Quorum of the Twelve to come down and handle the proceedings!) We got to see the
proposal packet before Dad sent it to Salt Lake, and it&#x02bc;s a small miracle
that they were able to get the proposal together at all. It consisted of at
least a dozen maps of the current ward and stake boundaries, along with the new
proposed boundaries, and a narrative explaining why the changes were needed. It
was quite impressive. So, our family knew that changes were imminent, and we
were just waiting for Dad to receive official notice from Salt Lake City that
the changes were approved.

After several months of waiting, the approval came, and the real preparations
could begin. I imagine that some people have a rather naive view of creating a
new stake and don&#x02bc;t realize just how much work is required. Dad likened
it to trying to change the sparkplugs on a truck while traveling down the
highway at 70 mph. Dad began the process of visiting the different units that
were to be in the new stake to interview their priesthood leaders. With units
coming from three existing stakes, Dad had the challenge of trying to select
counselors from a group of men, most of which he&#x02bc;d never met before.
Also, there were the ongoing activities for the new stake, like Young
Women&#x02bc;s Camp, which had neither a date, nor a location, nor a budget. In
short, there were a lot of positions and projects that could not be completed
until the Kyle Stake had actually been organized.

Fast forward to this weekend and the stake conference of the San Antonio East
Stake. The presiding authority was Elder Neil L. Anderson of the Presidency of
the Seventy. He and Dad spent all day together on Saturday, interviewing men for
two new stake presidencies and then beginning the process of training those
called. (Dad was being released as stake president of the San Antonio East Stake
and called as the stake president of the Kyle Stake.) The Saturday evening adult
session was held in the San Antonio East Stake Center, and adult members from
all of the affected wards were invited. It was an impressive meeting, and the
talks focused on the family and the messages from the Worldwide Leadership
Training in February. It was the first of several times this weekend that I was
so grateful for my wonderful, loving, and happy family.

Sunday morning, the conference continued at Strahan Coliseum at Texas State
University. This venue was the only one in the area large enough to hold all of
the members expected to attend. (One of many challenges ahead for this new
stake: no stake center yet.) Dad conducted the meeting and did a fantastic job
of holding it all together. There was quite a bit of business to be conducted:
the formation of the new Kyle stake and the reorganization of the San Antonio
East Stake, as well as the sustaining of two new stake presidencies. Seeing the
church members offer their sustaining vote to all of these items of business was
truly an inspiring sight, especially to those of us who were aware (at least in
small part) of the months of preparation, prayer, and effort that went into
making these changes happen.

In his remarks, Elder Anderson pointed out that this was a rather unusual stake
formation. Typically, stakes are formed by splitting an existing stake or by
creating a third stake out of two existing stakes. The Kyle Stake was formed
from three existing stakes, and one of those existing stakes was further
reorganized by acquiring two wards from other stakes in the San Antonio area.
Lots of shifting around!

Dad gave a brief talk, and I wanted to share only one part of his talk here.
I&#x02bc;ll just paraphrase. As I mentioned earlier, my parents have watched the
Church in this area struggle and grow in small fits and starts over the last 30
years. Dad quoted from the allegory of the olive tree in Jacob 5 by placing
himself in the role of the servant who asks the Lord, &ldquo;How comest thou
hither to plant this tree, or this branch of the tree? For behold, it was the
poorest spot in all the land of thy vineyard.&rdquo; He then explained that
seeing the formation of this stake, composed of small and simple units, was
evidence to him of the Lord of the Vineyard&#x02bc;s response: &ldquo;Counsel me
not; I knew that it was a poor spot of ground; wherefore, I said unto thee, I
have nourished it this long time, and thou beholdest that it hath brought forth
much fruit.&rdquo;

Mom also had the opportunity to share her sweet testimony, and I couldn&#x02bc;t
have been prouder of both of my parents. Again, I was most thankful for the good
parents that I have and for all of their patient and diligent efforts to create
a gospel-centered home. And throughout the weekend, I was able to see just how
much the members of the San Antonio East Stake love and sustain my parents.
I&#x02bc;m glad that other people get to see how awesome they are!

<img src="{static}/images/2008-05-04-kyle-stake-presidency.jpg" alt="Kyle Texas Stake Presidency" class="img-fluid">
