---
title: A more in-depth description of my graduation
slug: graduation
urlname: graduation
date: 2008-5-19
author: William
---
I realized Saturday that I am a &ldquo;get it out and get out of the way&rdquo;
type of blogger. I think. Two pictures, five sentences and one fragment, and you
have a post that anyone&#x02bc;s baby can digest. Unfortunately, I left out a
few details that I would like to put back in, in the form of this blog post you
are reading.

I admit there were rumors that I graduated in December (2007). In November
(2007), my plan was to graduate in December, but I didn&#x02bc;t do well enough
in one of my classes so I had to continue school. Thank you to everyone who sent
me &ldquo;Congratulations Graduate!&rdquo; cards five months ago. So sweet of
you, and please don&#x02bc;t feel like you need to print second editions. I
guess I couldn&#x02bc;t bring myself to announce my failure to anyone besides my
wife, parents, and sundry others that pointedly asked me, &ldquo;What are you
going to do now that you have *graduated*?&rdquo;

But this time it is for real!

Saturday morning at about 07:05 Rebecca dropped me off at the [Erwin Center][a].
I entered at the doors labeled &ldquo;GRADUATES ENTER HERE&rdquo; and started
paying attention to official-looking people. You see, there was a disconcerting
lack of instruction distributed before the event. I knew I needed to be wearing
regalia, and I knew I needed to be at the Erwin Center between 07:00 and 07:15,
but that was it. And the Erwin Center is big, so we were lucky we found the
graduates&#x02bc; entrance on our first pass.

[a]: https://uterwincenter.com/index.aspx

So the first official-looking person directed me towards the registration table.
I got in the line marked by an alphabetical range in which &ldquo;Jackson&rdquo;
fell, and because I was the only person in the line, I marched up to a table and
said, &ldquo;Jackson, William.&rdquo; I was handed a notecard with my name and
major printed on it, and I was handed a medal. You may refer to the photographs
accompanying [an earlier post][b] to see what the medal looked like.

[b]: {filename}/2008/05/2008-05-17-i-graduated.md

I then made my way to a waiting room full of rob√®d graduates. I had a glass of
water and read a little in *Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets*.

Meanwhile, the plan was for Rebecca to meet my parents outside so they could sit
together. This is tricky, because my parents don&#x02bc;t carry mobile phones.
But that&#x02bc;s okay, because we agreed on specific instructions beforehand.
My parents didn&#x02bc;t make it to the rendezvous point by the agreed-upon
time, so Rebecca went inside and tried to call me.

At this point, however, I had already met the chair of my department,
[J Strother Moore][c], who, incidentally, I had never ever met before.

[c]: https://www.cs.utexas.edu/~moore/

Dr. Moore was wearing a kilt, because (I suspect) he received his PhD from the
University of Edinburgh in Scotland. Cool. Dr. Moore and I were in the middle of
a friendly conversation when more official people started demonstrating what was
going to happen during the convocation. Then my phone rang; it was Rebecca.

I answered, even though I probably shouldn&#x02bc;t have, because I
couldn&#x02bc;t hear anything she was telling me. Too much commotion. I figured
out (as was confirmed via text message moments later) Rebecca couldn&#x02bc;t
find my parents and had gone inside. I sent back a message letting her know that
I would probably be very near the beginning of the ceremony, so watch out! No
alphabetization here, thank you very much.

So we marched into the hall, listened to some speakers, I walked across the
stage, had my photograph taken three times, sat down, and waited an hour and
thirty minutes for the ceremony to end.

<video controls preload="metadata">
    <source src="{static}/images/2008-05-17-graduation.mp4">
</video>
