---
title: I am a published author
slug: i-am-a-published-author
urlname: i-am-a-published-author
date: 2009-01-14
author: Rebecca
---
Doesn&#x02bc;t that sound fancy? I&#x02bc;m almost hesitant to tell you the
story, because I&#x02bc;d like to leave an aura of mystery around myself. But
I&#x02bc;ll just tell you, and you&#x02bc;ll have to think about other things
that you think are mysterious about me. (And if you want to know more about
something, leave me a comment. I think this blog is kind of boring sometimes, so
I&#x02bc;m always looking for things to write about.)

I was a graduate student once, five years ago or so. I worked as a research
assistant for a professor in the sociology department, who happened to be the
assistant dean or some other administrative type and needed help with cleaning
some data for a research project. So, for a few weeks in the semester, I read
through interview transcripts of some interviews that one of her other students
had done with low-income fathers in Utah County who were no longer living with
their children or their children&#x02bc;s mother(s). I had to edit and classify
the interviews somehow, but I don&#x02bc;t remember exactly. Just helping a
scholar get her data classified.

And then I graduated, and the good professor and I parted our ways. She emailed
me once in a while saying that she was working on the fathering article and
needed me to keep my address updated in case it were ever to be accepted for
publication.

Well. After hearing from her once a year for five years, I got this email from
her, which she had received from her publisher.

<blockquote class="blockquote pl-3 border-left">
    <p>
        I am happy to inform you of the final acceptance of your article,
        &ldquo;&lsquo;Just Be There For Them&rsquo;: Perceptions of Fathering
        Among Single, Low-income Men.&rdquo; for publication in
        <em>Fathering</em>. Your article should appear in Vol. 7, #1 (2009).
    </p>
</blockquote>

I&#x02bc;m listed as the third author on this article (I don&#x02bc;t know who
the second author is). &ldquo;Author&rdquo; is definitely a generous term, and
I&#x02bc;m surprised that she considered my data cleanup efforts worthy of
co-authorship.

So, there you go. Published. Legitimate. But probably not famous. And
that&#x02bc;s fine with me.
