title: Happy 30<sup>th</sup>!
urlname: happy-30th
date: 2009-01-26 11:00
author: Rebecca

<img src="{static}/images/2009-01-18-cake.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Guys, I turned 30 on Monday. That&#x02bc;s huge, right? But honestly, what a
relief. No more dreading it or worrying about how old I suddenly had become,
even though a mere 24 hours was the distinction between 29 and 30. And now that
I&#x02bc;ve been 30 for a week, it&#x02bc;s kind of nice.

I managed to spread out the birthday celebration over the entire weekend: dinner
with my family at Buca di Beppo (*Yum!*), birthday cake and games with friends,
a date with my dentist, and more cake with William and the Waco Jacksons whose
names start with M. He made me a Texas sheet cake. From scratch. With real
butter. Are you impressed?

And my gifts were nice, too. I got a CHI iron from my family, so now I can have
perfectly straight, shiny, blonde (wait, what?) hair just like a movie star. But
it does take a long time to straighten out all this hair, so you may still see
me with my curly mop fairly often. And William got me the best game ever:
_Barbie, Queen of the Prom_. (My sister did a great job of explaining the
importance of this game in our family [here in her blog][a].) Thanks to all who
helped make my birthday a happy one!

Bonus Post for those of you who are still reading: We finally cracked the game
open for Family Home Evening tonight and played three rounds. If you
didn&#x02bc;t read Carrie&#x02bc;s blog post, you&#x02bc;ll need to know that
the object of the game is to earn enough money to buy a prom dress, be voted the
president of a club, and find a steady boyfriend before going to the prom. The
path to Prom Queen is fraught with such perils as school, a bad hairdo, and not
being ready when your date picks you up. I won all three rounds, so William
never got to be Queen of the Prom tonight. Lest you feel too sorry for him,
he&#x02bc;s won the game twice when we&#x02bc;ve played with Carrie, so he, too,
knows the satisfaction of being Queen of the Prom.

[a]: http://missberrie.blogspot.com/2008/08/queen-of-prom.html
