title: Playing Around
urlname: playing-around
date: 2010-10-31T20:56
author: Rebecca

I realize that my previous post sounds a little cranky, so I thought I&#x02bc;d
cheer things up by putting up some cute pictures of Emily.

![Emily on a swing][a]

[a]: {static}/images/2010-10-26-emily-swinging.jpg

![Emily on a swing][b]

[b]: {static}/images/2010-10-08-emily-swinging.jpg

Since Emily has started walking, shoes are a must. And it&#x02bc;s turned into a
serious shoe fetish for her. She loves her shoes, my shoes, William&#x02bc;s
shoes, anyone&#x02bc;s shoes. I&#x02bc;ll find her going into her shoebox and
pulling out shoes to try on. She goes into our closet and pulls out shoes to try
on. In the car, she likes to take her shoes off and admire them. (Truth be told,
I&#x02bc;m kind of proud of that. Shoe fetishes run in the family.)

She knows that putting on shoes = going outside, and she&#x02bc;ll even go to
her shoe box to pick out some shoes to tell me that she&#x02bc;s ready to go
outside to play. I&#x02bc;m just glad that the weather is nice enough for us to
indulge her. In case you were wondering about the brown sandals, those actually
belong to our neighbor&#x02bc;s little boy who is 4 days younger than Emily. I
babysat him last week, and Emily insisted on wearing his shoes. The pink flip
flops are her absolute favorite shoes of all time. There will likely be some
major drama when she outgrows them, unless someone has a pair of size 5 flip
flops to give us.

Emily also loves going outside. She&#x02bc;s figured out that our morning
routine involves going outside to water the garden, and she&#x02bc;ll go
straight to the back door as if to advise me to hurry things along. While
I&#x02bc;m watering my plants, she&#x02bc;s usually busy digging up the dirt and
getting terrifically muddy (see her hands in the picture?) or pulling up the
plant labels.

![Emily with dirty hands][c]

[c]: {static}/images/2010-10-14-emily.jpg

![Emily with the broom][d]

[d]: {static}/images/2010-10-17-emily-broom.jpg

One of Emily&#x02bc;s lesser obsessions is with the broom. She loves to sweep
the floor! I often need to sweep after she eats, and she gets so excited when
she sees me pull the broom out of the laundry room. She sometimes even claps for
joy. I usually let her play with the broom after I&#x02bc;m done because she
gets kind of mad if I don&#x02bc;t. I hope that I can channel that energy into
some meaningful housecleaning someday.

![Emily coloring on paper with crayons][e]

[e]: {static}/images/2010-10-21-emily-coloring.jpg

It&#x02bc;s about time that Emily discovered crayons. This is my new favorite
way to keep her busy for a good 20 minutes. One crayon each hand (or
three&hellip;) and a piece of paper, and Emily is perfectly content to scribble.
This saved us during sacrament meeting today, except for the part where she bit
the tip off of Blue-Violet.

![Emily sitting in a chair reading a newspaper][f]

[f]: {static}/images/2010-10-09-emily-in-chair.jpg

And last, I put this picture in here because Emily is the fourth generation to
sit in this chair and read the paper. That&#x02bc;s got to be good for family
history. Or something.
