title: In sickness and in health
urlname: in-sickness-and-in-health
date: 2008-04-01
author: Rebecca

William has been sick since last Thursday. He started off with a sore throat,
which has turned into a runny nose, congestion, and a raging cough that seems
determined not to go away. He&#x02bc;s already missed three days of work and
came home early today, at his boss&#x02bc; insistence. A doctor&#x02bc;s visit
yesterday didn&#x02bc;t tell us much except that he might have something viral.
(But I&#x02bc;ve never seen a cold like this!) I&#x02bc;ve been plying him with
all manner of OTC medications which seem to be working intermittently, at best.
My main concern is that he hasn&#x02bc;t been able to sleep well at night
because of the coughing, and he definitely needs his rest. (As I write this, I
can hear him coughing in the other room.) My brother Mark came over last night
and gave William a blessing. Now we are waiting to see the fulfillment of those
promises of healing and comfort.

Why am I writing this? Because this is the first rough patch that we&#x02bc;ve
had in our marriage, and there&#x02bc;s not much that either of us can do about
it except wait it out. I can tell that he is beyond frustrated with how long he
has been sick. But he has never complained and dutifully takes the medicine that
I give him.

This is still hard for me. In spite of my best efforts, my sweet husband is
still sick, and all I can do is hold his hand and rub his back. I feel pretty
helpless, but I&#x02bc;m trying to be cheerful for William. I know this will all
pass and that he soon will be back to his old healthy self. In the meantime,
I&#x02bc;m learning (for what seems to be the thousandth time) one of those
important life lessons: sometimes bad things happen, and it&#x02bc;s up to us to
determine our attitudes when faced with those challenges.

Thanks for letting me share this.
