title: Hobbies
urlname: hobbies
date: 2008-01-17
author: Rebecca

One of the things that I&#x02bc;ve often thought about is my stunning lack of
hobbies. I mean, there are things that I like to do, like cooking and reading,
but I wouldn&#x02bc;t really call them hobbies. The cooking thing is mostly out
of necessity, in that if I don&#x02bc;t cook for myself, I&#x02bc;m going to be
really hungry all the time. I used to work out at the gym, and that, too, was
mostly out of necessity because I wanted to be healthy and amazingly strong.
(And I&#x02bc;m getting back into that, so I&#x02bc;ll let you know if it turns
into a hobby.)

Anyway, in my efforts to find useful things to do with my free time, I&#x02bc;ve
decided to do a counted cross-stitch. I&#x02bc;ve done cross stitch before and
think they are fun to work on and easy to store and display. However, Mom can
tell you that I tend to work on my cross stitch projects in fits and starts, and
they end up taking me months and years to finish. With all that said,
I&#x02bc;ll be working on a cross stitch of this painting by Greg Olsen,
[*Light of the World*][a]. Much better than the kitties and wizards that most
craft stores sell.

The dimensions of this cross stitch are 12 &times; 15 in. and there are about a
million different colors of thread to be used. This is easily the most daunting
cross stitch that I&#x02bc;ve ever worked on. I sorted most of the threads out
last night and was dismayed to learn that, in the eyes of thread manufacturers,
there are 7 different shades of peach and that Very Dark Peach and Darkest Peach
are entirely different shades. And I swear that Pale Peach and Cream are the
same shade, but whatever. My goal for tonight is to finish sorting the different
strands of floss and to make at least an inaugural stitch.

I have a feeling that this project could take on magnum opus status in my life,
one where people will talk about me after my death and say, &ldquo;You know that
cross-stitch? She spent 16 years of her life working on it. Think of the history
that was made during that period.&rdquo; And people will admire it reverently.

We&#x02bc;ll see how it goes.

[a]: https://gregolsen.com/gallery/light-of-the-world
