title: New Year&#x02bc;s Eve
urlname: new-years-eve
date: 2008-01-01
author: Rebecca

This was my first New Year&#x02bc;s Eve to have a significant other to celebrate
with. I&#x02bc;ve always thought that New Year&#x02bc;s Eve was kind of a lame
holiday, but I would usually find something to do, in the hopes of redeeming it.
And it would still usually be kind of lame. But this year was so much fun!

<img src="{static}/images/2007-12-31-dinner.jpg" alt="Dinner" class="img-fluid">

We started out with a steak dinner at Ruth&#x02bc;s Chris steakhouse in downtown
Austin. I knew the evening was destined to be a good one when we found a parking
spot on Congress Avenue. That never happens! Dinner was so, so good, and
it&#x02bc;s the kind of splurge that we can enjoy once a year. (The couple next
to us ordered the New Year&#x02bc;s Eve Dinner for Two, which was $150! Maybe
the guy had something to prove to his girlfriend.)

<img src="{static}/images/2007-12-31-parade.jpg" alt="Parade" class="img-fluid">

We left the restaurant just before 7:00 and found ourselves in the middle of the
[First Night][a] parade. We had seen some of the performers lining up as we
walked to dinner (a woman dressed as a cavewoman in a cheetah pelt actually
pointed her spear at us and growled!) The parade consisted of a lot of strangely
dressed people juggling fire batons, destroying an old Honda Civic that looked
like a dinosaur, riding unicycles, rapping, and dancing inside of a Capitol
Metro bus. It was a pretty amazing parade, and we saw it up close.

<img src="{static}/images/2007-12-31-together.jpg" alt="Together" class="img-fluid">

Then we went to Target to get a card and gift, and this random guy came up to us
and said, &ldquo;You two are really cute together.&rdquo; Who knows what
prompted him to say that?

<img src="{static}/images/2007-12-31-crowns-01.jpg" alt="Crowns" class="img-fluid">

When we got home, we continued our celebration. We had a cribbage tournament,
popped some party poppers, opened some crackers, finished off a bottle of
Martinelli&#x02bc;s and were asleep by 11:30. It was a really good New
Year&#x02bc;s Eve!

[a]: https://web.archive.org/web/20071221235039/http://www.firstnightaustin.org:80/
