title: CROP Walk
urlname: crop-walk
date: 2008-01-15
author: Rebecca

If you read this blog fairly regularly, you&#x02bc;ve probably noticed that we
added two links to our page, both relating to the CROP Walk. We&#x02bc;ve
accepted a church responsibility to head up our ward&#x02bc;s fund raising
efforts for the CROP Walk. (For more information about the CROP Walk and the
Church World Service, go [here][a]. They do a much better job of explaining than
I ever could.) Here&#x02bc;s our plug for the Austin CROP Hunger Walk.

The Austin Texas Stake and the Austin Oak Hill Stake have participated in the
Austin CROP Hunger Walk for over 20 years, as members of the Austin Area
Interreligious Ministry, which is one of the community sponsors. It has proven
to be a great missionary opportunity for the LDS Church in Austin and yet
another way of building goodwill and cooperation among the various churches in
the area.

The Austin CROP Hunger Walk will be held on March 1 in [Roy Guerrero Park][b] at
10 a.m. As part of our efforts, we are encouraging our family, friends,
co-workers, and neighbors to make a contribution to this very worthy cause.
We&#x02bc;ve set up a website where you can make donations here (link removed),
if you&#x02bc;re interested. (We have nothing to do with the pictures of the
website &mdash; it&#x02bc;s purely functional and not intended to be especially
aesthetically appealing.) If you&#x02bc;d like to walk with us, we&#x02bc;d love
to have you be a part of our team. Any help you can offer is appreciated, and
please, help us spread the word!

[a]: https://www.crophungerwalk.org/
[b]: https://austinparks.org/roy-g-guerrero-metro-park/
