title: Things That Are French
urlname: things-that-are-french
date: 2008-08-10
author: William

Saturday night Rebecca and I and another couple from our ward went to Zilker
Park in downtown Austin to see [an outdoor production][a] of *Beauty and the
Beast*. We went to the last show of the season, so the directors and producers
and all the important people wanted to recognize everyone involved and give them
flowers. I have nothing against this.

However, they (the directors) spent twenty minutes talking about how wonderful
this one particular woman was and recognizing her for choreographing twenty
summer musicals for the Zilker Theatre. They listed the musicals and the years
they were performed, and gave her a yellow rose for each one. That&#x02bc;s
great for her, but I&#x02bc;m impatient and I&#x02bc;m sitting on fire ants and
I want to see the show.

Also, they (other important persons) were unveiling a plaque that night to make
the Zilker outdoor theatre an official historical place. While someone was
reading some historical facts from a sheet of paper, a great crashing sound came
from behind and to the side of the stage. It was the kind of sound that would be
made by a large tree limb falling out of a tree onto several parked cars.

Turns out, a large tree limb had fallen out of a tree onto several parked cars.
No one was hurt, but for the time that we didn&#x02bc;t know what was going on,
we (the crowd of hundreds of people) were much more interested in what just made
that crunching sound. Whoop-dee-doo for historical facts about the Zilker
outdoor theatre.

Then the show finally started, and it was very good. *Beauty and the Beast*
takes place in France, which makes it the first Thing That Is French to which my
title refers.

The second Thing That Is French &mdash; for there are at least two, lest the
plurality of my title be grossly misleading &mdash; is Bread. Rebecca and I made
some this (Sunday) afternoon. We used a recipe from *The Ultimate Southern
Living Cookbook*. We have never cooked something from that cookbook that was not
delicious.

The recipe called for all-purpose flour, but we snuck in some whole wheat flour,
too. We replaced two cups of white flour with whole wheat.

I don&#x02bc;t have a photograph of the bread because all three loaves were
given away or eaten before I had a chance to take a photo.

[a]: http://zilker.org/
