title: Two good books
urlname: two-good-books
date: 2008-08-20
author: Rebecca

I don&#x02bc;t really have much to say here, except to apologize for my recent
blog silence. I&#x02bc;ve been reading some good books, and those tend to draw
me away from the computer. But that&#x02bc;s a good thing, right?

First up, _1776_ by David McCullough. I really enjoyed this book because (a)
I&#x02bc;ve pretty much forgotten everything I learned in grade school about the
American Revolution except for the midnight ride of Paul Revere (because of that
catchy little rhyme), so it was a good refresher, and (b) it shows how truly and
completely outnumbered, outgunned, out-trained, and inexperienced the American
army was, if it could even be called an army. McCullough does a good job of
humanizing the Revolutionary War, all while giving due credit to the diligence
of a few key men, like George Washington who was clearly the right man in the
right place at the right time.

The book I&#x02bc;m working on now is _Galileo&#x02bc;s Daughter_ by Dava Sobel.
It&#x02bc;s a historical fiction novel based on the extant letters that
Galileo&#x02bc;s oldest daughter wrote to him throughout his life. Right now,
I&#x02bc;m learning all about Galileo and his remarkable discoveries and
inventions (moons of Jupiter, sun spots, phases of Venus, the telescope). What
impresses me the most about his story is that he remains devoted to his Catholic
faith and to his God, despite severe criticisms from those who were acting as
God&#x02bc;s mouthpiece and in spite of tangible evidence that was changing the
universe as he had previously understood it. It promises to be a thrilling book,
and I can&#x02bc;t wait to finish it. (And Elizabeth, I&#x02bc;d love to talk
with you about this book, if you ever get a chance to read it.)

So, I guess the point of this post is that I&#x02bc;ve been reading about some
great men who left the world a better place than they found it, often at the
risk of personal comfort and public reputation, and I can&#x02bc;t help but be
awed at their achievements just the same.
