title: 2001: A Space Oddity
urlname: 2001-a-space-oddity
date: 2008-08-27
author: Rebecca

There&#x02bc;s a line from _Napoleon Dynamite_ that I absolutely love. Napoleon
and Kip watch a home video of Uncle Rico pretending to throw a football, and
after it&#x02bc;s over, Napoleon says &ldquo;That was pretty much the worst
movie ever made.&rdquo; I&#x02bc;ve used in jest several times, but last night,
I had the chance to say it and mean every bit of it.

William and I saw _2001: A Space Odyssey_ at Austin&#x02bc;s Paramount Theater
last night. The Paramount shows old movies during the summer time, and
I&#x02bc;ve seen some great classics there like _Casablanca_, _Charade_, and _A
Hard Day&#x02bc;s Night_. We even went on our first date to the Paramount to see
_The Sound of Music_. So, we were looking forward to seeing the
[22<sup>nd</sup> greatest American movie][a] ever made, one that was hailed as
the greatest sci-fi movie ever and the inspiration for countless filmmakers.

After over two and a half hours of grunting apes, spinning planets and whirling
space stations, an evil supercomputer, 60&#x02bc;s-style outfits, one tripped
out astronaut, and more Strauss waltzes than you could ever wish for,
we&#x02bc;d had enough.

Here&#x02bc;s my synopsis of what happens. And I&#x02bc;m telling it just like
it is. So, if it doesn&#x02bc;t make sense, that&#x02bc;s Stanley
Kubrick&#x02bc;s fault, not mine.

Act One, the Dawn of Mankind: A bunch of apelike humans eat dirt and rocks and
fight with another clan of other apelike humans over a watering hole the size of
a small puddle. One day, they wake up and find a black monolith in front of
their watering hole. One of them touches it. The next day, he figures out that
he can use a bone as a hammer or club. The next time they meet their rival clan,
he kills one of them with the bone.

*Lots of &ldquo;Blue Danube Waltz&rdquo; being played to orbiting planets and
space stations*

Act Two, Mission to the Moon: A scientist is sent to the moon to investigate
some mysterious deaths with other scientists. A lot of flight attendants in
suits with Peter Pan collars, Velcro shoes, and pillbox hats cater to his every
need until he arrives at the moon. A team of scientists goes to the site and
sees a black monolith similar to the one from the first part of the movie. As
they&#x02bc;re getting ready to take their picture in front of it like any good
tourist would, it emits a high pitched squealing sound and they all die.

*At this point, the soundtrack had probably switched over to &ldquo;Also sprach
Zarathustra&rdquo;*

Act Three, Mission to Jupiter and Beyond: Two scientists are traveling to
Jupiter, though we don&#x02bc;t really know why. They start to suspect that
their computer HAL 9000 is trying to kill them. We find out that HAL can read
lips. HAL kills one of the scientists during a spacewalk, and the other one
spends the next 30 minutes trying to dismantle HAL. After he destroys HAL, the
astronaut has what appears to be a major acid trip and goes whirling through
psychedelic space. (It kind of looks like the part in _Spaceballs_ when they go
to ludicrous speed, except like 200 times longer. Sigh.) After he&#x02bc;s
tripped through space for about 15 minutes, the astronaut lands in a house. He
looks in a mirror and finds out that he&#x02bc;s aged. Then he sees an old man
sitting at a table eating breakfast and realizes that the old man is himself.
The scene shifts to the old man&#x02bc;s perspective. The old man keeps eating
breakfast, knocks his glass on the floor, and notices an even older man (also
himself) sleeping in the bed in that room. The scene shifts to the even older
man&#x02bc;s perspective. He looks up and sees a black stone monolith at the end
of his bed and tries to reach for it. The final scene of the movie shows a fetus
orbiting around the earth to the &ldquo;Blue Danube Waltz.&rdquo;

OK, what? What the heck just happened there? Did that make any sense? Like I
said, pretty much the worst movie ever made.

Personally, I think [the Simpsons did it better][b].

[a]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AFI%27s_100_Years...100_Movies
[b]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TadhoyYvKpA
