title: Mangiamo!
urlname: mangiamo
date: 2008-08-02
author: Rebecca

Last night, we had a small Italian cook-off challenge with our friends Liz and
Reed, our friend Sarah, and her friend Alicia. (Sarah and Liz knew each other at
BYU, and Sarah is in our ward this summer, so we thought it would be fun to get
everyone together.) The cook-off consisted of making an Italian appetizer,
entree, and dessert. The challenge consisted of cooking with only limited
ingredients.

Each of the participants received a list of ingredients to bring to the party.
Our list had things like eggplant, red potatoes, arugula, berries, mascarpone
cheese, flour, sugar, and lady fingers. The other guests brought chicken,
Italian sausage, an array of fruits and vegetables, mozzarella cheese, ricotta
cheese, cocoa powder, garlic cloves, and cream.

When the party started, we divided into two teams and selected a head chef.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-08-01-mangiamo-01.jpg" alt="Reed" class="img-fluid">

<img src="{static}/images/2008-08-01-mangiamo-02.jpg" alt="William" class="img-fluid">

Then the teams had a few minutes to make up a menu and decide which ingredients
they wanted to try to get. We put all the ingredients out on the table and took
turns using a spinner for selecting ingredients. The spinner had three options:
&ldquo;choose your ingredient,&rdquo; &ldquo;swap an ingredient with the other
team,&rdquo; or &ldquo;the other team chooses your ingredient.&rdquo;

<img src="{static}/images/2008-08-01-mangiamo-03.jpg" alt="Food" class="img-fluid">

<img src="{static}/images/2008-08-01-mangiamo-04.jpg" alt="Selecting ingredients" class="img-fluid">

After we selected, swapped, traded, traded back, swapped again, and ended up
with our final list, it was time to start cooking. We had 90 minutes to do
whatever we needed to get our food ready. We were all using the oven, microwave,
stove, counter space, knives, spoons, serving bowls, anything we needed to make
our food. I thought that we might end up tussling over a few essentials (like a
good chef&#x02bc;s knife or a mixing bowl), but everything worked out just
perfectly. (Thanks, Liz and Reed, for letting us take over your kitchen!)

<img src="{static}/images/2008-08-01-mangiamo-05.jpg" alt="Cooking" class="img-fluid">

<img src="{static}/images/2008-08-01-mangiamo-06.jpg" alt="Cooking" class="img-fluid">

Our team ended up making Italian bread slices with tomatoes, mozzarella, garlic,
and olive oil for the appetizer; a stir-fry of sausage, bell peppers, and stewed
tomatoes over a bed of Italian greens, more tomatoes, cheese, and a balsamic
vinaigrette with a side of roasted potatoes for the entree; and roasted peaches
with a honey almond ricotta topping with balsamic vinegar reduction drizzled
over the top for dessert.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-08-01-mangiamo-07.jpg" alt="Finished food" class="img-fluid">

The other team made a breaded eggplant appetizer; bowtie pasta with garlic
chicken, onions, and squash for the entree, and an out of this world tiramisu
for their dessert. Everything was delicious, and we had so much food! I was
really impressed at what everyone came up with using nothing but the ingredients
at hand and a little bit of imagination. Thanks to all for a fun and delicious
evening!

<img src="{static}/images/2008-08-01-mangiamo-08.jpg" alt="Let&#x02bc;s eat!" class="img-fluid">
