---
title: Christmas in Waco
slug: christmas-in-waco
urlname: christmas-in-waco
date: 2007-12-27
author: Rebecca
---
William and I were lucky in that we got to celebrate Christmas twice this year
&mdash; once in Waco, and once in New Braunfels. Each is worthy of a separate
blog entry, I think.

On Saturday morning, William and I left Austin for Waco, arriving around lunch
time. The Jacksons had already opened all of their Christmas presents, probably
to satisfy Mark and Matthew&#x02bc;s impatience. (The Jacksons were driving to
Utah on Christmas day, so they decided to celebrate Christmas a few days before
the rest of the Christian world. Very smart!) Because they had already opened
their presents, they were more than eager to watch us open ours, Matthew
especially. We got a lot of nice gifts, including Clue, a box of homemade peanut
brittle and fudge, and a crocheted &ldquo;Jackson&rdquo; that we&#x02bc;ll hang
up in our living room. I even had my own stocking, complete with an orange (just
like William had promised) and chocolate candy.

As a family, we went to see a matinee showing of *National Treasure 2*. I
enjoyed it quite a bit, but I will warn those of you who haven&#x02bc;t seen it
that you should not try to think too hard about the movie&#x02bc;s plot. (I
looked for my friend Janae, who was an [extra][a] in the movie, but I
didn&#x02bc;t see her or the weird Russian spy that she met on the set.) When we
came out of the theater, we discovered that a cold front had blown in, and the
temperature had dropped at least 20 degrees.

That sets the stage for our cold night. When we went upstairs to our room to get
ready for bed, we noticed that the room felt really, really cold. William said
that it was probably cold air seeping in through the thin curtains on the
window. We piled on the blankets and just went to bed, thinking that the
Jacksons had enough to worry about without us complaining about our
accommodations. The next day, I mentioned to Ellen that we had been freezing in
our room the night before. She came into the room to check out the window, the
vents, and any other sources of cold air. Then she checked the thermostat. I
heard her shout down the hall, &ldquo;It&#x02bc;s set on COOL! And it&#x02bc;s
64!&rdquo; Turns out that Matthew had gotten hot the day before and decided that
the most logical thing to do in that situation was to adjust the temperature in
the house via thermostat. Kids these days&hellip;

What else? We went to church in Waco and heard the Waco ward Christmas program.
The music and talk was nice and Christmas-y, but my favorite part was when the
old bishop admitted in his talk that he sometimes cusses. We had a great
Christmas lunch, courtesy of Ellen and company. My humble contribution was a
buttermilk pie, but it was hardly a match for Ellen&#x02bc;s famous Christmas
bread. Now I understand why William&#x02bc;s face lights up when he talks about
Christmas at home!

I feel like an honest to goodness Jackson!

[a]: https://supersonicjan.blogspot.com/2007/07/nt2.html
