---
title: Christmas Traditions
slug: christmas-traditions
urlname: christmas-traditions
date: 2007-12-20
author: Rebecca
---
Two weeks ago in Relief Society, we had a lesson about Christmas traditions and
how people could make their holidays more meaningful by keeping Christmas
traditions for their families. That has made me think quite a bit about what
traditions we had when I was growing up, and what traditions William and I can
have together.

The two traditions that William and I thought of were to read the entire book of
Luke and Charles Dickens&#x02bc; [*A Christmas Carol*][a]. The book of Luke has
24 chapters, so in reading one chapter a day starting on December 1 and
finishing on Christmas Eve, we can review the Savior&#x02bc;s life, ministry,
and Atonement during the Christmas season and be reminded of all he has done for
us. After a bit of a late start, we are on track with that, and I have
appreciated the spirit that I have felt as we have read those very familiar
chapters yet again.

We also wanted to read *A Christmas Carol* because it&#x02bc;s just the best
Christmas story ever, and instead of chapters, it has staves. How cool is that?
But we haven&#x02bc;t gotten nearly as far with that one &mdash; I fell asleep
the first night that William read it to me. But we still have 5 days to read it,
so maybe I will curl up with it tonight after we finish wrapping our Christmas
presents. I&#x02bc;ll report back my progress here.

The Christmas traditions from Allen family Christmases past aren&#x02bc;t that
flashy, but they make me smile the most. One of my favorites is the brown velour
sweater that Dad would wear every Christmas morning. I don&#x02bc;t think he has
that sweater anymore, unfortunately. Another tradition was Mom&#x02bc;s sugar
cookies. I remember dozens of sugar cookies piled high on the kitchen counter,
in all the usual shapes, bells, stars, and hearts. Grandma would always make
gingerbread men for Christmas and bring them to Texas in her little Christmas
cookie tin. I&#x02bc;d eat the red hots first, so Gingerbread Man would slowly
lose his limbs, his head, and his torso, in that order. And of course, Christmas
wouldn&#x02bc;t be the same without Dad saying &ldquo;I think it&#x02bc;s a new
golf bag&rdquo; about whatever present he was about to open, regardless of the
size. One last tradition and I&#x02bc;ll stop. This one started when I was in
middle school. Every year Dad takes me (and Carrie, if she&#x02bc;s in town)
Christmas shopping. It is a mutually beneficial arrangement &mdash; he gets his
Christmas shopping for Mom done with helpful input from other women, and I get
to be with Dad, shopping, and eat lunch.

I&#x02bc;m looking forward to Christmas.

[a]: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/19337
