title: A List of Wedding Memories
slug: wedding-memories
urlname: wedding-memories
date: 2007-12-14
author: Rebecca

William and I set up this blog, or rather, staked out this domain name, months
ago, but didn&#x02bc;t want to activate it until we were married.

We have been married a respectable length of time, so I thought that I&#x02bc;d
write a list of some of my favorite things about our wedding day. I really like
lists, and in this PowerPoint era, I&#x02bc;m finding that my thoughts are
becoming increasingly bulleted and much less narrative-based. Also, I&#x02bc;m
hoping that we&#x02bc;ll be posting wedding pictures in a Picasa web album soon.
I&#x02bc;ll post the link here when we&#x02bc;ve got them ready. Here&#x02bc;s
the list, in no particular order except for the entry at Number 20, which is
clearly the best part of the day!

20. Driving to the temple with William and Mom and thinking that my wedding day
seemed like any other day spent with my family.

19. Telling people that our food was catered by Kerbey Lane Cafe and having them
say &ldquo;I LOVE Kerbey Lane!&rdquo;

18. William got to wear a new suit for the first time since 2001. He looked
sharp!

17. The weather cooperated with us, and my feet didn&#x02bc;t hurt once! (I
thought the bride&#x02bc;s feet were supposed to hurt after standing up all
day.)

16. Carrie&#x02bc;s goody basket for the honeymoon suite.

15. Being really surprised at people clapping at us when we walked into the
church for the post-wedding lunch.

14. Hearing the almost full vocal firepower of the Jackson family bursting into
song. And following it with the Allen family rendition of &ldquo;The Eyes of
Texas,&rdquo; which we all learned at Family Home Evening years and years ago.

13. All of the people who came from New Braunfels, San Antonio, and Waco to be
at our celebration. I was touched by their thoughtfulness, generosity, and
support.

12. The look on Mom&#x02bc;s face when she told us that Monica and Kristina had
shoe-polished our car with &ldquo;Just Married!&rdquo;

11. Brother White, the photographer, telling everyone (except me!) that they
needed to get a better smile.

10. Getting to wear a pretty dress with sparkles with fancy hair and makeup.

9. Hearing Eva Shutt call me &ldquo;princess&rdquo; over and over again because
of my pretty sparkly dress.

8. All of the random people that we saw at the temple on our wedding day:

    * two women from the Mt. Bonnell Ward were in the temple with us before the
    wedding;
    * a contingent of other Mt. Bonnellians had come to the temple for a
    baptisms trip and joined in the photo shoot;
    * my friend Bryan Child was walking into the temple as we were walking in
    after the wedding to change;
    * the Kizerians (Mom and Dad&#x02bc;s old friends from Corpus Christi) were
    leaving the temple as we were taking pictures;
    * Mom&#x02bc;s friend Irma that is always so happy to see me was working at
    the temple; and
    * Jack Starks&#x02bc; cousin took all those pictures of us so we thought
    that maybe he just was really into taking pictures of weddings. (But we
    didn&#x02bc;t know who he was until like 2 weeks later!)

7. Three of my favorite people from BYU were at the wedding: Liz, Kristin, and
Kristina. 9 of the 11 Jackson kids, plus Grandma Pack and Aunt Jenny were able
to be at the wedding. All 3 Allen kids, Monica, and Grandma Nelson were at the
wedding. And it was so wonderful to walk into the sealing room and see our
parents beaming at us.

6. Receiving 3 cheetah blankets as gifts. Also gift-related: when we went back
to the Allens&#x02bc; house to change after the reception, John ran out to meet
us and said &ldquo;Aunt Becca, I got you a present!&rdquo; and he took us to the
pile of presents that Monica and Carrie had left there for us. So cute, even
though he tried to take credit for other people&#x02bc;s good deeds!

5. Having a moment of panic when I couldn&#x02bc;t get my dressed zipped up
before the reception and thinking that maybe I had eaten too many sandwiches at
lunch.

4. Eating breakfast tacos from Hanna&#x02bc;s that morning. (That was my biggest
meal of the day!)

3. Knowing that our wedding cake had 4 layers, each one a different flavor, and
having people ask me what kind of cake they had just eaten, as if I had any
idea.

2. Seeing how happy Brother Johnson was to do our sealing and the beautiful
message that he shared before the ceremony. And then, when Brother Johnson told
us later that he was so proud of us for not smashing cake into each
other&#x02bc;s face and how we were destined for a lifetime of happiness.

1. After all was said and done, I got to keep William, who is undoubtedly the
best party favor that I&#x02bc;ve ever gotten.

It was an amazing day.
