title: November 22&ndash;23: Two days adrift at sea
slug: november-22-23
urlname: november-22-23
date: 2008-12-17
author: Rebecca

OK, we weren&#x02bc;t really adrift at sea, but we did go a full 48 hours
without setting foot on dry land. And we were in the midst of a huge, nasty,
violent winter storm on the Mediterranean that was blowing in the opposite
direction that we were going. But I&#x02bc;m getting ahead of myself.

I&#x02bc;d mentioned the choppy water at Santorini. That was a tiny portent of
what was to come. When we woke up in the morning of November 22, I noticed that
our room was pitching around fairly vigorously. We were on the 10<sup>th</sup>
deck, at the very front of the ship, so we felt a heck of a lot of motion. And
waves were crashing over our balcony. *Waves were crashing.* I&#x02bc;ve never
been on such unsteady ground. (Is that the right word, if I was on a ship?)

When I got up to head to the bathroom, I had to hold on to whatever piece of
furniture or wall was nearest to me to keep from falling over. My shower was
especially thrilling, since water splashed all over the bathroom floor. I was
so, so thankful for the little required-by-accessibility-law handrail on the
wall, because the shower curtain would have done nothing to keep me from falling
out of the shower. Fortunately, I wasn&#x02bc;t feeling any motion sickness,
just clumsiness from being bucked up and down on the waves.

William fared much worse. In spite of his little behind-the-ear motion sickness
patch, he still felt terrible. Here, I&#x02bc;ll let him describe it in his own
words:

<blockquote class="blockquote pl-3 border-left">
	When I woke up I felt okay. Then I tried to get out of bed, and things went
	downhill rapidly. Less like going downhill and more like falling off a
	cliff, actually. I felt that sick feeling that you get when you are almost
	sick enough to lose your lunch, but not quite. The longer I stayed standing
	up, the worse it got. When I couldn&#x02bc;t stand it any more, I lay back
	down until I was feeling better. I finally stood up long enough to take a
	shower and get dressed, but as soon as I was ready I was back on the bed in
	a comfortable horizontal position. After several boring minutes in our
	cabin, I decided to try to go lower in the ship and closer to midship where
	the motion was not as bad. I spent the rest of the day laying on a couch
	down on deck 5, solving Sudoku puzzles when I didn&#x02bc;t have my eyes
	firmly closed.
</blockquote>

So, there you have it. It wasn&#x02bc;t a good day for William. I spent most of
the day exploring the ship and bringing plates of food to William every few
hours. Turns out pizza works wonders for motion sickness. Most of the
ship&#x02bc;s passengers were either in their rooms or camped out on couches in
the public areas. There were motion sickness bags (is it juvenile of me to call
them &ldquo;barf bags&rdquo;?) available everywhere, even on the elevators.
There were also bowls of green apples and saltines. We saw one German couple
that probably ate 10 apples that day. Pretty much everyone looked pale green and
absolutely miserable.

Most of the activities on the ship had been canceled due to dangerous
conditions. One of the few activities that actually happened was a tour of the
kitchens. And boy, did people turn out for that one. There were probably several
hundred people who wanted to see the kitchens, so they had to break us up into
groups, one of German speakers, and several English-speaking. The kitchen was
much smaller than what I&#x02bc;d expected, given the amount of food that
we&#x02bc;d seen available on the ship throughout the cruise. But there were
signs that said &ldquo;Turbulent weather ahead. Please secure all items.&rdquo;
Well, yes. Obviously. Who wants to work in a kitchen full of flying knives, soup
bowls, and cremes brulee?? I also did laundry in our room, while watching
_Beowulf_. Interesting movie. But I didn&#x02bc;t leave William alone *all* day.
We played cards and chatted and looked out the window at the scary, scary waves.
Just know that at one point when we were sitting being very still and quiet so
as not to upset his stomach more, the ship rolled so far to the left that I
looked out the window and saw water directly beneath me. I seriously thought at
that moment that we had a good chance of capsizing. Pretty scary stuff!

The really sad thing about the storm was &hellip; Well, there were two sad
things, now that I think about it. First sad thing: we lost so much time
travailing through the storm that our captain decided to completely cancel our
stop at Naples and head straight to Rome. So, no Pompeii or Herculaneum or Capri
for us. We&#x02bc;ll have to go back. Darn. And totally sad that we missed it
this time. I&#x02bc;d even read a book called _Pompeii_ to get in the mood.

Second sad thing: that night was the second formal night, with the fancy-pants
steak and lobster dinner. William was too sick to stay around for the main
course, and he wasn&#x02bc;t the only one. The dining room looked especially
empty that evening. And the waiters did their fancy farewell presentation with
baked Alaska and lots of fanfare. So, William still has never had baked Alaska.
He went back to the room, and I stayed and finished my steak and lobster and
baked Alaska.

After dinner, I went back to our room, and when I got to the door, I realized
that William had the key. So, I politely knocked on the door and waited. No
answer. I knocked a little more authoritatively. No answer. I pounded and kicked
the door. Still nothing! At that point, I thought that it was impossible for
William to have missed my noise, so he must have moved back to his couch on Deck
5. So, I went looking for him. He wasn&#x02bc;t there. Uh oh. Finally, I said,
&ldquo;Well, I have no idea where my husband is. But he&#x02bc;s probably on the
ship &mdash; I don&#x02bc;t see him so desperate that he would resort to
throwing himself overboard in a fit of madness.&rdquo; So, I went to Guest
Services and had a new key printed out for myself. The man who helped me seemed
sympathetic but unsurprised by my tale. He probably thought William had had too
much to drink and passed out in the room. Whatever. So, I took my key back to
our room, unlocked my door (whew!) and found William sound asleep on the bed.
How did he miss my pounding? I have no idea. But at least he was asleep and not
green and miserable.

Our next day at sea, the day we were *supposed* to be docked at Naples, looking
at Pompeii, sailing the hydrofoil to Capri, and eating pizza, we spent on the
ship. It was a pretty dull day, so we just wandered around, checked email, ate
more food, and packed our bags so that we could leave them out that night. The
highlight of the day was the performance in the theater featuring songs and
dances from around the world. The Galaxy Singers and Dancers put on quite a show
for us, the show that they would&#x02bc;ve performed the night before except
that it was canceled due to the inclement weather. We arrived in Rome at 7-ish
p.m. and we were grateful to be in calm waters again. The water was still fairly
turbulent, until we arrived back at Rome. And we said our goodbyes at dinner
time, handed out tips, and went back to our room for a good night&#x02bc;s
sleep.

(Wow, I&#x02bc;m surprised that I had so much to say about two days where not
much happened!)
