title: Towed-ally Awful Day
slug: towed-ally-awful-day
urlname: towed-ally-awful-day
date: 2008-02-01
author: Rebecca

Here are a few things that preface this story.

1.  Yesterday, I drove by my old mechanic&#x02bc;s shop and thought, &ldquo;I
    haven&#x02bc;t seen him in ages. I&#x02bc;m so lucky to have a car that
    drives so well.&rdquo;
2.  This morning, I filled up my gas tank and when I was resetting the Trip A
    odometer, I realized that I had nearly 28,000 miles on my car. I thought,
    &ldquo;I&#x02bc;m getting pretty close to the 30,000 miles mark, and I
    haven&#x02bc;t had any major maintenance issues. Lucky me!&rdquo;
3.  William and I had planned to spend the weekend with the Jacksons in Waco so
    that we could all attend a temple session in Dallas Saturday morning.

With such obvious foreshadowing, you might have guessed what happened next.
Today, my car broke down. My sweet little powder blue hatchback Toyota Matrix
finally failed me. I was driving to the Institute to meet William for the Friday
Forum ($2 lunch and a motivational speaker!) and noticed that I was having
considerable trouble accelerating above 15 mph and the &ldquo;Check
Engine&rdquo; light came on. (Except it&#x02bc;s just a graphic, not words, so I
had to consult my owner&#x02bc;s manual to verify that it was indeed the engine
depicted and not, say, the carburetor. See how little I know about cars? But no
matter &mdash; if a light comes on, I&#x02bc;m going to get my car checked out!)
I made it to the Institute fine, and after lunch William checked out the car,
and everything looked OK. I even drove back to work without any trouble.

I described my troubles to a co-worker who also owns a Toyota, and she suggested
that I check for a loose gas cap, since that had caused her &ldquo;Check
Engine&rdquo; light to come on in the past. I went back to my car, checked the
gas cap, which appeared to have been screwed in securely, and decided to take it
for one more drive around the parking garage. That&#x02bc;s when I knew that
something was seriously wrong, because the car died 3 times before I could start
it and then I putted around the parking garage, my car shaking gently the whole
way.

At that point, I left my car in the garage and went back to my office. I started
chatting with William who graciously agreed to call USAA to arrange for a tow
truck to pick up my car and take it to a Toyota dealership for repair. Within 30
minutes, the tow truck had arrived, and the guys were working on moving it out
of the garage and to the street to load it on to the truck. (It was kind of like
the part in *The Sound of Music* where the Von Trapps are trying to leave their
house quietly, and the Nazis stop them. The Captain tells them that their car
won&#x02bc;t start, and then the Nazi starts the car without any trouble.) The
guys put it in neutral and rolled it out of the garage before they finally
listened to me say, &ldquo;I&#x02bc;m pretty sure that you would be able to get
it started long enough to move it 15 feet.&rdquo; Anyway. They got the car
loaded into the truck&#x02bc;s bed, I retrieved my things from my office, and we
all headed off to the dealership. This was my first ever ride in a tow truck.
And it wasn&#x02bc;t nearly as cool as you&#x02bc;d think it would be.

The reason I had taken my car to this particular dealership is that my co-worker
Carolyn had recommended them, and one of her friends&#x02bc; husband is the
service manager there. I talked to several different people about what was wrong
with my car and explained that I would probably need a ride home. Their shuttle
service stops running at 4, and I arrived at 3:50. But one of the people who
helped me had a familiar last name, so I asked him if he knew Carolyn&#x02bc;s
friend. It turns out that he was her brother-in-law (not her husband, but still
family), but that didn&#x02bc;t matter because he pretty much bent over backward
to make sure that I could get home. He found me a driver who was willing to take
me home beyond her scheduled hours, and he gave me his card to help me find a
ride back to the dealership tomorrow. I asked him if the shuttle ran on
Saturdays, and he said, &ldquo;Not usually, but we can work something
out.&rdquo; That guy is good!

At this point, I remembered that I still had all of our bags in the hatch of my
car, including our temple clothes, and I didn&#x02bc;t want to take any chances
on losing those. So, one of the other service managers drove me out to their
repair lot to get my things out of the car, brought me and my bags back to their
service office, and handed me off to the driver. And she and I had a nice visit
as she brought me back to my apartment. She even figured out the zodiac signs of
everyone in the Allen family &mdash; such a talented lady. But she did try to
tell me that Mom and Dad weren&#x02bc;t compatible because Capricorns and Leos
don&#x02bc;t usually get along.

Total time elapsed between the tow truck pick up at my office and my return
home: 2.5 hours. I attribute that entirely to the excellent customer service
from USAA and Champion Toyota, along with some good help from William and sound
advice from a co-worker.
