---
title: Memorial Day
slug: memorial-day
urlname: memorial-day
date: 2008-06-01
author: Rebecca
---
I&#x02bc;m a little late in posting about Memorial Day, but it was a wonderful
day! First of all, we didn&#x02bc;t have to go to work, and at least for me,
that&#x02bc;s a huge relief. (I think William still likes his job, so I
won&#x02bc;t speak for him.) It was so nice to wake up without an alarm clock!
And for some reason, that day, I was especially excited about not having to put
on any makeup, though after looking at the pictures, maybe I should&#x02bc;ve
put some on &hellip;

Second of all, we got to spend part of the day with the Jacksons in Austin. Mark
had a choir competition at UT in the afternoon, so the whole Waco crew came down
to spend the morning with us before Mark was scheduled to perform. The boys
swam, Ellen and I lounged in the hot tub because the pool was too cold, and
Larry cleaned out the pool because he didn&#x02bc;t want to get wet, period. It
was amazing! We also had a good lunch: Bush&#x02bc;s fried chicken, tabbouleh,
veggies, baked beans, and blackberry cobbler. Mmm. I love summertime meals. It
was fun to see them again, and we hope they&#x02bc;ll come back soon!

Third of all, William and I lounged the rest of the day. We made a trip to HEB,
bought a notebook to organize all those recipes that I tore out of *Southern
Living* but didn&#x02bc;t file, dyed my hair back to a decent shade of brown,
and watched *Harry Potter and the Sorceror&#x02bc;s Stone* for Family Home
Evening. Such a nice, easy day!

Here are some pictures for the curious.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-05-26-william-in-pool.jpg" alt="William in the pool" class="img-fluid">

See how excited William is to be in the freezing cold pool?

<img src="{static}/images/2008-05-26-mark-matthew-pool.jpg" alt="Mark and Matthew in the pool" class="img-fluid">

I just noticed that Matthew&#x02bc;s feet are wildly thrashing in this pictures.
This is the kind of thing that only brothers can do to each other.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-05-26-ellen-rebecca-pool.jpg" alt="Ellen and Rebecca in the pool" class="img-fluid">

I think I can justify putting a picture of me in my swimsuit online because
it&#x02bc;s mostly a head shot. Man, that hot tub felt good once William figured
out how to turn on the jets.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-05-26-larry-mark.jpg" alt="Larry and Mark" class="img-fluid">

Hmm. I think Mark had too much cobbler.
