title: This week
slug: this-week
urlname: this-week
date: 2008-01-27
author: Rebecca

Here are a few things that you might be interested in knowing about our week.

Monday, we celebrated Martin Luther King Day by shopping. We found the best
deals for William: a blue pullover sweater, some fancy black pants, and amazing
new shoes. You&#x02bc;ll have to ask him for details, but suffice it to say that
he looks good! Monday night, we went to dinner with our good friends, Liz and
Reed. They took us to [Mandola&#x02bc;s Italian][a] in downtown Austin, and it
was so yummy!

Since William has class on Tuesday and Thursday night, I&#x02bc;m being
supportive by also taking a class at night. I thought my days of Institute were
done, but Brother Johnson, who married me and William, is teaching a class on
the Doctrine and Covenants. I could hardly pass up an opportunity to take a
class from him! So, that&#x02bc;s where I&#x02bc;ll be on Tuesdays from 6 to
7:30.

Friday night, William and I, along with my parents and Grandma, went to the San
Antonio Temple for an endowment session. As always, it was a wonderful
experience. And we spent the night in New Braunfels, which meant we got to spend
a nice morning with my parents and hear about all of the exciting things that
they are doing right now.

Perhaps I was inspired by Sarah&#x02bc;s [blog entry][b] about her hair cut (and
I am still waiting to see a picture), but I decided that I wanted to try to cut
William&#x02bc;s hair. The original plan was that I would only cut around his
ears where it was growing decidedly too long. I spent a couple of days
discussing with William the merits of my cutting his hair versus the merits of
his just getting a new haircut (my haircut: cheap but I&#x02bc;ve never cut hair
before; barbershop: $15 but the benefit of a proven professional.) Anyway, there
are scissors and clippers at my parents&#x02bc; house, so I could hardly pass up
the opportunity. So, now not only is the hair around William&#x02bc;s ears a
respectable length, the back of his neck is all tidy and clean-shaven. Once I
started, I just couldn&#x02bc;t stop. And William was very encouraging &mdash;
much braver than me! I was afraid that I had cut it too short in the back, but
then I looked at some of the guys at church today and thought,
&ldquo;William&#x02bc;s hair looks *way* better than theirs.&rdquo; Whew.

Yesterday, we also went to Target and got more stuff for our apartment, like a
rug, pillows, and picture frames. Their Global Bazaar is just too stylish to
pass up! I think a future blog post will take you on a tour of our apartment.
Stay tuned.

[a]: https://mandolas.com/
[b]: https://thesecretlifeofalibrarian.blogspot.com/2008/01/to-do-hair-cut.html
