title: November 16: A pleasant day at sea
slug: november-16
urlname: november-16
date: 2008-12-04
author: Rebecca

Today was our first sea day. I was worried that we wouldn&#x02bc;t be able to
find things to do all day, but we did! Rebecca got a pedicure at 9:00 from a
girl from Liverpool. Her accent was so thick that we couldn&#x02bc;t understand
much of what she said. Maybe the most interesting thing about her is that she
went to school with some of the players on Liverpool&#x02bc;s football team.

We also visited the regular hot tub out on deck, and man, it was cold. But there
were a lot of people sitting outside enjoying the sunshine, even though it was
probably about 55 degrees, plus the wind. Our next stop was the indoor salt
water hot tub, which felt a lot better. There were so many splashy people in the
water, though, that Rebecca had to take another shower and get ready for the
second time that day.

At 1:15, we went to a cooking demonstration presented by a chef who used to have
a show on Food Network, Marc something. He wasn&#x02bc;t Mario Batali, and he
didn&#x02bc;t look at all familiar. But he made a Caesar salad and
saut&eacute;ed salmon. The Caesar salad was quite tasty, but the salmon tasted
like something we could&#x02bc;ve made at home. He told us that he was going to
spend 3 days at home with his family in San Diego and then fly to Iraq and
Afghanistan to help make 25,000 Thanksgiving dinners for the troops there.

We also played shuffleboard in the evening. Two other couples joined us, one
from Baltimore and one from England. The English couple was especially
interesting. They probably had a bit of a hard time during the war, because the
husband was really goofy. But we had a good time laughing at everyone&#x02bc;s
lack of skills.

This was also the first formal night, which means that the ladies put on sparkly
things and the men put on their suits and tuxes. The people on this ship are
pretty dressed up all the time, and formal night was no exception. The
evening&#x02bc;s entertainment was a Cirque du Soleil-type show called
_Elements_. The most amazing part of the show was the acrobats. One of the
acrobats did her tricks suspended from a hula hoop and then a rope. She made
everything look so easy.

After the show, we wandered around the ship, letting people see how good we
looked and waiting for dinner to start. They had photographers set up throughout
the ship, so we had our picture taken at least four different times. Dinner was
not quite as fancy as I thought it would be, but it was still delicious. We both
had steak and potatoes. Mmmm. And that was formal night. We could&#x02bc;ve
stayed up all night dancing to James Bond music (not making that up), but the
next day would be an exciting one, so we just went to bed.
