---
title: November 19: Ephesus et al, Turkey
slug: november-19
urlname: november-19
date: 2008-12-16 10:00
author: William
---
This morning was hard. We got out of bed at 6:00 because we needed to be ready
to meet our excursion party at 7:15. We ordered breakfast in our room by filling
out a card last night and hanging it on our doorknob. Even though we specified
that we would like breakfast delivered between 6:30 and 7:00, it was delivered
at 6:15. Celebrity likes to go the extra mile, it would seem. I ate my part
while Rebecca finished her shower, then she ate breakfast while I showered.

We met in the Theater with several hundred other people that were going on
various shore excursions. It was almost our turn to leave, when the excursion
staff announced that the gangway was closed while another cruise ship docked on
the other side of the pier from us. We waited about 15 minutes, and then the
staff cleared us to go on our excursion.

Our tour guide was a Turk that spoke decent English and was very entertaining.
He knew a lot about the sites we visited. We first rode on a bus to Ephesus,
where we walked around the ruined city. We saw such sites as various temples to
Roman emperors, homes and shops, the Library of Celsus (at one time, the third
largest library in the world), and the famous theater at Ephesus, which is where
Paul is reported to have preached. At the end of the tour of Ephesus, we heard a
fanfare played over the loudspeakers and saw a crew of Romans coming out. It was
really a bunch of actors putting on a show, complete with gladiators, a juggler,
and a Roman emperor and his retinue. Great fun!

Our next stop, after a 1.5 hour bus drive, was Miletus. There is a magnificent
old theater there, and Miletus is mentioned in Acts as one of Paul&#x02bc;s
stopping points after he was effectively banned from Ephesus. A short drive
later, we went to Didyma to see the ruins of a Temple to Apollo. There was also
an oracle at Didyma, one almost as famous as the oracle at Delphi. And after all
this, we were treated to a buffet lunch of Turkish food at a restaurant that
overlooked the temple. The food was different. I had expected it to be more like
Greek food, but alas, it wasn&#x02bc;t. They even brought out platters of
grilled fish, with head and tail and eyes and all. Too much for us to handle, so
we passed.

The tour ended with a stop at a Turkish rug shop, where there was a presentation
of how rugs are tied and their stock of rugs for sale. We hadn&#x02bc;t planned
to buy a rug, but they had one that was really pretty and a good size for our
apartment. We thought that would be our big splurge for the trip, so we haggled
with the salesman and finally came away with a rug. I just hope that it matches
our furniture!

After all that excitement, we decided to take it easy that evening, went to
dinner, and then came straight to bed.
