---
title: What a difference a year makes
slug: what-a-difference-a-year-makes
urlname: what-a-difference-a-year-makes
date: 2008-04-09
author: Rebecca
---
At the beginning of 2008, I adopted for my annual theme the phrase &ldquo;what a
difference a year makes.&rdquo; (In 2007, my theme was &ldquo;This year is MY
year!&rdquo; and it turned out to be an amazing year. So, I thought that
assigning a theme to each new year could be a good way to bring good karma to
the year.) Anyway, William and I would smile as we passed the one-year
anniversary of certain milestones in our relationship: January 20, the day he
fixed my flat tire; February 16, the Pink Dance, etc. And my comment would
always be &ldquo;What a difference a year makes,&rdquo; since on January 20,
2007, when my friend (and nothing more than a friend) William was underneath my
car fixing my flat in a dark parking lot, I had not the slightest inkling that
on January 20, 2008, we would already be married. And as we started hearing
about our friends who were planning for the 2008 Pink Dance, we&#x02bc;d smile
about our experience at the 2007 Pink Dance and I&#x02bc;d think, &ldquo;What a
difference a year makes.&rdquo;

Anyway, it&#x02bc;s an intriguing idea. I&#x02bc;ve often reflected on the
period of my life right after I graduated from BYU and moved back to Texas. I
was 25 years old with a master&#x02bc;s degree and unemployed and living at
home. And I spent months and months looking for a job and wondering why I
didn&#x02bc;t have any friends and why I had to live at home when I was very
obviously a mature and capable grown-up that deserved better circumstances. It
took me a year to find a job, and other things started to fall into place very
slowly after that. But again, I would look back at August 2005 from my vantage
point of August 2006 and think, &ldquo;I never thought I&#x02bc;d be here a year
ago.&rdquo; At the same time, I&#x02bc;ve come to see how that year of
unemployment and living at home was an amazing experience for me to reconnect
with my parents and learn to love them as true friends. I also learned that
there are alternative blessings to be had, even when the desired blessing still
seems afar off. Hence, the importance of remembering &ldquo;what a difference a
year makes.&rdquo;

Anyway, the other reason that I wrote this post is that William surprised me
today by presenting me with a photo book of our first year together and titled
it &ldquo;What a difference a year makes.&rdquo; He actually cheated a teeny
little bit because our first date was in August of 2006 and then we
didn&#x02bc;t start dating until February of 2007, so it covers more than a
year, but still. The book is a cute little softcover book, with pictures of us
from when we were dating all the way up to our wedding and honeymoon, narrated
with text from emails, Google chats, William&#x02bc;s journal entries, and
conversations. Suffice it to say that the book made me cry, and it&#x02bc;s kind
of hard to do that. It&#x02bc;s a gem of a book, and once again it made me
thankful for the difference that a year can make.
