title: The value of a well-directed complaint
slug: the-value-of-a-well-directed-complaint
urlname: the-value-of-a-well-directed-complaint
date: 2008-10-16
author: Rebecca

In recent weeks, I&#x02bc;ve learned the value of a well-directed complaint. I
offer up some examples.

### 1

A few weeks ago, back when our hummus obsession was in full swing (thanks to
Lorraine), we bought some pita chips to eat with our first batch of homemade
hummus. We, ahem, ate the entire (small-ish) bag for lunch that day because it
was all so, so delicious. But the chips were kind of crushed up, so William
thought it would be nice to email the company and let them know about the
fragility of their product. And then one day we came home from work and found a
giant box waiting for us. It was from the pita company, and this is what it had
inside:

<img src="{static}/images/2008-09-04-pita-chips.jpg" class="img-fluid">

### 2

I buy Lean Cuisines for us for lunch because (a) I&#x02bc;m still sick of
sandwiches from all those years of eating them as a kid, and (b) we don&#x02bc;t
always have enough leftovers to feed us both. I figure if I&#x02bc;m going to
eat convenience food, it should at least be somewhat healthy, right? I had one a
few weeks ago, and some of the chicken had gristle in it. And it had two little
snips of red pepper in it, hardly the confetti-colored concotion depicted on the
front of the package. So, I filled out a form on the Lean Cuisine site letting
them know about these shortcomings, and yesterday, I received coupons for two
Lean Cuisines and more.

### 3

HEB has Meal Deals, where if you buy, say, 2 packages of hot dogs, you get for
free buns, mustard, pickles, soda, and some Twinkies. The idea is that you get a
bunch of free complementary foods if you&#x02bc;re willing to spring for the big
one. (I know those of you who don&#x02bc;t live in central Texas must be
terribly jealous of this truly amazing grocery store.) A few weeks ago, we got a
package of mini Baby Ruth bars with our Meal Deal. They were free, lest there be
any ambiguity here. William noticed that about half of them had been improperly
sealed and were open on the ends. So, he contacted Nestle via their website, and
lo and behold, two days ago, he received a bundle of coupons for free candy.
It&#x02bc;s like Halloween, except we get to pick out what we want instead of
being at the mercy of the toothbrush, penny, and Dollar Tree candy crowd.

### 4

Pei Wei. I love their food. It&#x02bc;s almost always good. But the last meal I
got there was chicken teriyaki, and there was a bone in the chicken. So, I
emailed [info@peiwei.com][a], or some equivalent cyberspace black hole, somewhat
skeptical that I would get a response. But I did! They were terribly sorry about
my awful, miserable experience, and hoped that they had not lost me as a
customer forever (they haven&#x02bc;t) and wanted to win back my affections by
sending me a little something for my anguish. Really, the letter was a
masterpiece of groveling. Yesterday, a $10 gift card showed up in my mail box.
(Yesterday was a really great mail day. We also got our digital converter box
coupons from The Government.)

[a]: mailto:info@peiwei.com

### 5

And this is my absolute favorite. We booked a cruise in January, and we are so
so excited to leave in less than a month. (Not the point of this story, but I
just had to share my anticipation!) In some of my research, it came to my
attention that the current price of our cruise is about half of what we paid for
it. _What?_ Did we get ripped off big time? Probably. So, I thought, &ldquo;I am
learning about the value of a well-directed complaint. Let&#x02bc;s see if it
works here.&ldquo; So, I emailed our travel company to say, &ldquo;I want to be
compensated for the difference.&rdquo; And after 2 days of thrilling twists and
turns, which I will spare you because this post is already far too long, we
received (a) $550 back on our cruise, and (b) an upgraded stateroom with a
balcony.

Lesson learned.
