---
title: Narnia Thoughts
slug: narnia-thoughts
urlname: narnia-thoughts
date: 2008-04-16
author: Rebecca
---
When I was roommates with Elizabeth, we would sometimes talk about our list of
questions to ask God. The idea was that there are just some things about life
that no one can explain except God, and we sometimes spend a whole lot of time
trying to understand why our lives turn in a certain direction. The list of
questions was our way of setting aside things that just didn&#x02bc;t make
sense, knowing that someday after we&#x02bc;d died, God would be able to make it
all come together if those questions hadn&#x02bc;t been answered in our
lifetimes. The list included things like, &ldquo;What would life have been like
if I&#x02bc;d gone to school at another university?&rdquo; and &ldquo;Where
would I have gone on a mission?&rdquo; My personal favorite was &ldquo;Why
didn&#x02bc;t I get married until I was 57?&rdquo; (As you can see, the list is
a dynamic list, dependent on which questions hadn&#x02bc;t been answered up
until a certain point. That question is no longer relevant to me, so I need to
find a new question to ask God, I suppose.)

Now, I&#x02bc;m reading *Chronicles of Narnia* for the first time. You might say
that my youth was somewhat misspent, since I didn&#x02bc;t read them when I was
a kid. But in reading them now, I appreciate them much more than I probably
would&#x02bc;ve as a kid. So, it&#x02bc;s worked out well. Anyway, one of the
recurring motifs in the Narnia tales is that a particular character will make a
certain choice for good or bad and then have the chance to discuss that choice
with Aslan the lion. That character inevitably asks, &ldquo;What would&#x02bc;ve
happened if I had made a different choice?&rdquo; And Aslan in his wisdom says,
essentially, &ldquo;No one gets to see what would have been. You have to live
with your choice.&rdquo;

I&#x02bc;ve been thinking about what the takeaway message is here. I keep
remembering my list of questions to ask God, and I&#x02bc;ve realized that my
questions are all &ldquo;what would&#x02bc;ve happened if I&#x02bc;d made this
choice&rdquo;-type questions. Aslan would probably have tired quickly of my
list, since I apparently haven&#x02bc;t learned to live confident in my choices.
Wisdom comes from learning to make correct choices and when we make bad choices,
we should try to learn from those experiences, painful though it is.

And also, I think it&#x02bc;d be silly to waste my time asking God questions
about what would&#x02bc;ve been, when I could be asking, &ldquo;Teach me how to
have greater faith&rdquo; or &ldquo;Help me understand what I can learn from the
experiences that I&#x02bc;ve had in my life.&rdquo; So, I guess I still have a
lot to learn about this funny little game that we call &ldquo;Life.&rdquo;
