title: You fall down, you go boom.
slug: boom
urlname: boom
date: 2008-06-01
author: Rebecca

Our ward had a chili cookoff on Friday night. I was really looking forward to
going and meeting some new people and trying some chili and cornbread. We even
made some cornbread (the [recipe][a] is *not* worth it, so if you&#x02bc;re
looking for a sweet cornbread online, don&#x02bc;t use this one) and a chocolate
pie. Mmmm.

And they had square dancing. The callers started out easy with the Chicken Dance
and the Hokey Pokey. William and I were out there, supporting the cause, and I
realized that we were the only ones out there who weren&#x02bc;t trying to get
our kids excited about doing the hokey pokey. I don&#x02bc;t know if that makes
us extra cool or extra geeky. Anyway, the callers announced that the square
dancing would start. Since we were already out there, William said that we
should just stay and give it a go. I don&#x02bc;t really like dancing in
general, but square dancing is especially tricky because you have to listen to
the callers, and it&#x02bc;s impossible for me to hear the callers and move my
feet in the direction that they want me to go. But we stayed out there long
enough to bow to the partners, bow to the corners, and get the hang of the do si
do.

And then the music started and things started going faster, and William was
passing me to someone, and my heel on my right shoe somehow snagged my left cuff
of my sweet wide legged but slightly too long denim trousers, and before I knew
it, I was flat on the ground. It was a classic fall, one of those where you
realize that you&#x02bc;re falling, and somehow time slows down, and you feel
like you&#x02bc;re flailing around helplessly but in slow motion. And the best
part about it is that William didn&#x02bc;t even realize that I had fallen until
he heard a &ldquo;BOOM!&rdquo; and turned around and saw me lying on the floor.
I managed to pick myself up gracefully enough, excused myself to a chair to take
off my shoes, and returned to the dance floor to finish the square dance. But
that was it for us, since I did manage to slightly twist my ankle in the fall.
And I wiped out in front of my entire ward, and there&#x02bc;s no consolation in
the thought that maybe no one saw because (a) *everyone* saw, and (b) those who
didn&#x02bc;t see at first heard the &ldquo;BOOM!&rdquo; and turned and saw.

My family doesn&#x02bc;t have an injury-free dancing record. One of my aunts
broke her arm dancing at a dance hall after slipping on a puddle where someone
had spilled their drink on the floor. My sister-in-law twisted her ankle and
went to the emergency room after an especially exciting move at a swing dance
(and she still married my brother)! And my sister once totally ate it at a stake
youth dance in front of this cute guy, who said, &ldquo;Hey, looks like you fell
hard for me.&rdquo;  So, I guess I had it coming to me.

[a]: https://www.thespruceeats.com/honey-buttermilk-cornbread-3054207
