---
title: Blessings and Benedizioni
slug: blessings-and-benedizioni
urlname: blessings-and-benedizioni
date: 2008-10-07
author: Rebecca
---
At General Conference this weekend, President Monson announced that a new temple
would be built in Rome, Italy. Upon hearing this announcement, I let out an
audible gasp (just ask William) but was not alone, given the low rumble that we
could hear from the Conference Center audience. This announce&shy;ment, though
entirely welcome, was entirely unexpected. The Church has been in Italy for a
relatively long time, but the missionary work is slow going, due to
long-standing cultural and religious preferences.

I&#x02bc;m excited to see the work go forward in this part of Europe (though
probably not as excited as my good friend Liz who loves Italy so much that she
even managed to finagle a mission call to Rome by sending in her missionary
application with a picture of herself standing in front of the Italian flag).
The temple will be such a blessing to the Southern European saints, who have
traveled for years to Switzerland, Germany, England, and Scandinavia to do their
temple work.

And as I listened to this announcement, my mind turned back to two experiences
that I recently had, as I did work in the San Antonio Temple. In August, William
and I participated in an endowment session, where I did the work for a woman
named Benedetta Vitrello who lived in the 1700&#x02bc;s. I thought it was cool
to have the name of someone who lived so long ago in another country, especially
one that I&#x02bc;ve visited before. And I couldn&#x02bc;t help but smile as the
temple workers tried diligently (and failed, given their Texan accents) to
pronounce her lovely name.

In September, William and I participated in another session. At the beginning of
our session, one of the workers announced that they would have names for
sealings, if anyone wanted to stay around after their session. After our
session, I asked William if he wanted to stick around; he didn&#x02bc;t seem
especially enthusiastic (we had already been up since 5 a.m.). But I felt
strongly that we needed to do sealings. So, we joined the group in the sealing
room, and the sealer said, &ldquo;Oh, good, you&#x02bc;re here just in time to
help us. We&#x02bc;ve got a large family from Italy that we&#x02bc;ll be doing
today.&rdquo; And so we all lined up and crowded around the altar, and the
sealer announced that we would be doing work for the Vitrello family, two
parents and six (!) children, from Italy. And he assigned me the name of
Benedetta Vitrello. Imagine my surprise at recognizing her distinctive and
familiar name and my excitement at having another opportunity to help her temple
work move forward.

Benedetta, whose name means &ldquo;blessed,&rdquo; was truly a blessing to me in
reminding me of this, that God loves all of his children and knows them by name.
And he is willing, ready, and even eager to bless them, as they are ready to
accept him in their lives. It is exciting to see the good news of the gospel
spread throughout the world, and we are lucky to be a part of it.
