---
title: Utah, the greatest snow on earth
slug: utah
urlname: utah
date: 2008-01-10
author: Rebecca
---
<img src="{static}/images/2008-01-05-taste-snow.jpg" alt="Tasting snow" class="img-fluid">

As I mentioned earlier, William and I went to Utah and Idaho last week, mostly
for Eric&#x02bc;s wedding, but also to visit family and friends. We stayed in
Lehi with the Gales, my friends from graduate school. It was so much fun to be
back in Utah and to experience an honest to goodness winter! This was
William&#x02bc;s first encounter with snow, and he really appeared to like it.
He even managed to nail me at close range with a giant snowball! Here are some
highlights of the trip.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-01-03-william-rebecca-annie.jpg" alt="William, Rebecca, and Annie" class="img-fluid">

On Thursday night, William and I ate dinner with our friend Annie. She was in
our ward in Austin and is going to BYU now. She&#x02bc;s my old travel buddy
from my trip to Europe in 2006, *and* she and William both served in the London
South Mission. We ate at [Bombay House][a], which is an amazing Indian
restaurant in Provo.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-01-05-thanksgiving-point.jpg" alt="Thanksgiving Point" class="img-fluid">

On Saturday morning, we braved the snowstorm to visit the
[Museum of Ancient Life][b] at Thanksgiving Point. The Museum has fossils of all
sorts of ancient life, but the most interesting part is their dinosaur exhibit.
It&#x02bc;s a very family friendly place to visit, and William had a blast
playing in the hands-on exhibits with the other kids.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-01-05-mt-timpanogos-temple.jpg" alt="Mt. Timpanogos Temple" class="img-fluid">

Saturday afternoon, we ate lunch with Carrie at Burgers Supreme, one of my
favorite burger joints in all the world. After we neatly polished off our
burgers, fries, and Oreo milkshake, we headed off to Deseret Book, determined to
use the $20 gift card that we got as a wedding present from a well-intentioned
cousin. After 2 hours of fruitless searching, we left empty-handed, both fully
aware of the irony that we had not been able to find at least one thing that we
could use. But I did find a really cute dress at DownEast Outfitters for $19.99
so I was happy. On our way back to Lehi, we stopped at the Mt. Timpanogos Temple
to take some pictures. And that night, we ate dinner with the Gales and watched
*The Bourne Ultimatum.*

<img src="{static}/images/2008-01-06-joseph.jpg" alt="Joseph" class="img-fluid">

Sunday, we went to church with Carrie in the morning. William was excited to go
to Elder&#x02bc;s Quorum, because they had the most amazing visual aid to kick
off the Joseph Smith manual. After lunch at Carrie&#x02bc;s house, we drove up
to Salt Lake for another round of visits. Our first stop was Grandma
Jackson&#x02bc;s house. We had a much pleasanter visit this time &mdash; the
power was fully restored, and Grandma was feeling much better. I was glad to
have had this time with her &mdash; she is a sweet lady! Our next stop was at
William&#x02bc;s mission president&#x02bc;s house. We had a nice visit with the
Preeces, and I can see why William liked his mission so much.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-01-06-temple-square.jpg" alt="Temple Square" class="img-fluid">

On our way home, William surprised me and suggested that we visit Temple Square.
We visited the North Visitor&#x02bc;s Center and got a free map of Jerusalem
that the sister missionary said we could study at Family Home Evening.
(Maybe&hellip;) We also went inside the Tabernacle and the Assembly Hall. The
sister missionary in the Assembly Hall gave us the pitch that they give to
non-members, but we listened politely anyway. And we walked around the temple.
There weren&#x02bc;t very many people out that night, so it was nice to be able
to enjoy the peace and quiet for a few minutes.

And Monday morning, we flew home. It was a great trip.

[a]: https://bombayhouse.com/
[b]: https://www.thanksgivingpoint.org/experience/museum-of-ancient-life/
