---
title: Fire drill; or how I narrowly escaped being burned to a crisp
slug: fire-drill
urlname: fire-drill
date: 2008-04-30
author: Rebecca
---
This morning, our department got the following email from our admin Jill.

<blockquote class="blockquote pl-3 border-lest">
	<p>Good Morning,</p>
	<p>From here forward, or for example, if we were to have a fire drill this
	morning, please make sure that you congregate in the park area where Tammie
	Monroe is holding a white sign saying &ldquo;4th Floor&rdquo;.</p>
	<p>In this way, we can account for everyone quickly and efficiently.</p>
	<p>Thanks,<br>Jill</p>
</blockquote>

So, I guess she was trying to warn us that we&#x02bc;d be having a fire drill
this morning. Subtle, huh? I don&#x02bc;t know what the point of a fire drill is
if they tell everyone when it&#x02bc;s coming. But this is just one of the many
backward things about working for state government, so I&#x02bc;m just going to
roll with it. Anyway, I read this email dutifully and promptly forgot about it.

I was sitting at my desk chatting with my sister Carrie (it&#x02bc;s been a slow
week at work). Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Jill walking up my row, so I
quickly closed my chat window. She stepped into my office and said,
&ldquo;Rebecca!&rdquo; and motioned with her hand that I was supposed to come
with her. I must have looked a little confused as I stood up because Jill said,
&ldquo;The fire drill?&rdquo; Only then did I realize that I could hear, albeit
very faintly, the high pitched squeal of a fire alarm and see bright flashing
lights all throughout the floor.

As I followed Jill out of our office area, I realized that she and I were the
only people still there. And as we went down the stairwell behind everyone else
exiting the building, I noticed that there was no one behind us, except for the
staff who have volunteered to be floor wardens and safety officers during such
drills. It appears that Jill and I were among the last group of people to
evacuate the building during this drill.

I thanked Jill for coming to get me, and she said, &ldquo;Oh, it&#x02bc;s no
problem &mdash; I always do one last check on the floor before heading
down.&rdquo; This isn&#x02bc;t her job, since we have a safety officer who is
supposed to do that. But apparently that safety officer isn&#x02bc;t very
thorough, because he didn&#x02bc;t find me sitting in my office, waiting to be
burned to a crisp. This is the problem with volunteer positions.

Anyway, I don&#x02bc;t know why I didn&#x02bc;t see my team leaving the building
in a hurry. Perhaps they all exited the building in too orderly a fashion.
I&#x02bc;m a little put out that they didn&#x02bc;t make enough noise to alert
me to impending doom. Maybe they&#x02bc;d have done that in case of a real fire,
with screaming and pushing and shoving, and I would&#x02bc;ve heard the
commotion and known to leave the building then.

The fire department participated in the drill, I suppose, to add a touch of
authenticity. However, Jill and I did see two firemen running out of the
building to the fire truck as we were exiting. And then the fire truck turned on
its sirens and drove away. I hope that part wasn&#x02bc;t authentic.

And that&#x02bc;s the story of how I survived a fire drill.
