title: My office
slug: my-office
urlname: my-office
date: 2008-05-15
author: Rebecca

I thought that in honor of my staying home sick from work today, I&#x02bc;d post
some pictures of my office. (And truth be told, I&#x02bc;m not especially broken
up about not going to work today.)

Here is my new office. We moved offices in March, and this one is much nicer. I
have a door, which is the thing I like the most about it. My old office was just
a cubicle with higher walls than everyone else had. But still, a cubicle. The
walls are extremely thin since TWC is apparently too cheap to install insulation
between walls. Most of the time it&#x02bc;s not too big of a deal, except
there&#x02bc;s a guy on my team who likes to go into the empty office next to
mine and talk on his cell phone very loudly. I probably have a higher tolerance
than most for people who talk loudly on their cell phones, but this guy is
seriously so annoying. I think the next time he goes in there, I&#x02bc;m going
to get out an air horn and start blasting it at him.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-04-16-office-01.jpg" alt="Office" class="img-fluid">

Right after we moved offices, my entire agency was upgraded to new computers
with Windows Vista installed on them. It was quite the change &mdash; new
offices *and* new computers. Now, this is what I spend most of my day looking
at. It&#x02bc;s pretty boring. I like the nice big monitor that I have. It took
some getting used to but it&#x02bc;s much easier to have several windows open
now.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-04-16-office-02.jpg" alt="Computer" class="img-fluid">

And here is the other nice thing about my new office. It has a very nice view of
Waterloo Park and the UT football stadium, which is much better than the view
from my old office, the parking lot of the Texas Association of School Boards.
There is a guy who works across the hall from me who is a rabid UT football fan,
the kind of person who might call in sick on Monday if the Longhorns lose a game
the previous weekend. Every so often, he stops by my office and just looks out
my window longingly.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-04-16-office-03.jpg" alt="The view" class="img-fluid">

And that is my office.
