---
title: November 24: One soggy day in Rome
slug: november-24
urlname: november-24
date: 2008-12-30
author: Rebecca
---
(I had a goal of finishing these posts by the end of this week, so here comes a
whole lot of information about what we did in Rome.)

The morning of November 24, we disembarked our ship and said goodbye to our home
for the last 10 days. We were some of the last people off of the ship, which was
nice because we had time to eat breakfast and take showers without feeling
terribly rushed. I was glad that we were spending more time in Rome, instead of
flying straight back to the States like a lot of people. We shared a shuttle
into the city with Tony and Amy. Their hotel was right by Trevi Fountain so they
were dropped off first, and we said our goodbyes to them. Then the shuttle took
us to our hotel, which was near Piazza Repubblica. We were most relieved to find
that this hotel was far more comfortable than our first hotel in Rome, with a
comfy bed, sofa and large bathroom.

We had a tour scheduled at 2, so we tried to kill time until then. We walked to
the meeting place for the tour at Piazza Barberini and then decided to explore.
We got lunch at a nearby pizzeria and then walked over to Trevi Fountain. I
hadn&#x02bc;t expected it to be so crowded at that time of year, but I guess it
is a perennial draw for tourists in Rome! We found our tour guide without much
trouble but we did have to wait for the rest of the group to gather. And it had
started raining pretty hard by then. Darn rain in an open piazza &mdash; And our
tour guide was a UT graduate who bought herself a one-way ticket to Rome after
she graduated. Smart girl!

The tour was called &ldquo;Crypts and Catacombs.&rdquo; Cool, huh? I
don&#x02bc;t have many pictures of the places we went because photography was
not allowed in two of the three sites. Anyway, our first stop was the
[Crypt of the Capuchin monks][a]. These are a series of chapels that are
decorated entirely with the bones and in a few cases, the well preserved bodies
of Capuchin monks. (If you want to see what it looks like, here&#x02bc;s a
[YouTube tour][b] of the crypt.) While the idea of using bones is admittedly
unusual, the decorations were pretty impressive.

[a]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capuchin_Crypt
[b]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlK0frpbh5s

Our next stop took us via bus to the [Catacombs of San Callisto][c]. Again, no
pictures, but if you want more information, [this website][d] has good
information. This was probably the most interesting site for me to visit, since
I&#x02bc;d never seen catacombs and had no idea what to expect. One common
misconception about the catacombs is that they were used as Christian meeting
places and hiding grounds during times of persecution. But after walking through
part of them, I&#x02bc;m not sure why anyone would want to hang out there. They
are dark, cramped, and very damp. And there are hundreds and hundreds of tombs,
all empty now, of course, but once upon a time they would have been filled.
Yikes. Several early popes were buried in these catacombs, and you can still see
the tombs there today.

[c]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catacomb_of_Callixtus
[d]: https://www.catacombe.roma.it/en/index.php

Our final stop on the tour was the [church of San Clemente][e]. I had been there
before, but it was interesting to go back with a guide. The top level is a
Catholic church built in the Renaissance. Underneath that church are the remains
of an early Christian basilica. And the lowest level that has been excavated is
the remains of a Roman temple to the eastern god Mithras and some Roman
apartments. The site has effectively been labeled &ldquo;sacred ground&rdquo;
for thousands of years and to different faiths. And our guide was careful to
point out that the entire city of Rome was like that, where we could only see
the top layer of history, with much left to be excavated.

[e]: http://www.basilicasanclemente.com/eng/

And our tour ended there, so we took the Metro back to our hotel, which
didn&#x02bc;t do much to keep us dry because we still had to walk quite a way in
the rain. We found dinner at a restaurant near our hotel and then called it a
night. But we did find _Dawson&#x02bc;s Creek_ on TV, the only English language
show we could find. No wonder Europeans think Americans are nuts.
