title: November 17: Anniversary in Athens
slug: november-17
urlname: november-17
date: 2008-12-04 12:00
author: Rebecca

Happy Anniversary to William and Rebecca! Today was the first of our blockbuster
ports, Athens! We were up fairly early because we were meeting Tony and Amy to
take the subway into Athens. They had asked if they could come into town with
us, so I&#x02bc;m glad that we conveyed an air of knowing what we were doing.

The cruise staff had warned the passengers that Athens would be in a state of
anarchy due to a student demonstration taking place in Syntagma Square that day.
No one actually used the word anarchy, but they seemed to think that we could
all be in great danger if we ventured out on our own. Some shore excursions were
even canceled due to the demonstration. But we figured that we would just try to
avoid that area and get there early in the morning. And we were just fine all
day long. No signs of trouble anywhere. We even talked to someone who had booked
their shore excursion through Celebrity, and they were annoyed that they had
paid so much just to take a bus into town, when there clearly were no signs of
trouble anywhere. We paid the equivalent of $3.60 for our transportation for the
whole day, which was pretty nice.

We rode the metro into town chatting with Tony and Amy the entire way. They are
such friendly people, and they said that they liked hanging out with us because
it was like hanging out with their kids. Our first stop was at the Acropolis, so
we hiked up there and took a good look all around. It was fairly crowded for so
early in the day, mostly because both Celebrity and Royal Caribbean had docked
there and sent hordes of people on shore excursions to the Acropolis. We still
managed to get some nice pictures of the Parthenon and the Erechtheion. Rebecca
even gave a little bit of a tour about the history of the Acropolis and the
Parthenon. Next, we hiked down to look at the Theater of Dionysus at the base of
the Acropolis. From there we walked over to the remains of the massive Temple of
Olympian Zeus. That thing must have been a sight to behold back in its glory
days.

At that point, we split up with Tony and Amy and headed into the Plaka on our
own. We both had to go to the bathroom, and it is a nearly universal truth that
museums in Europe will have generally clean bathrooms with toilet seats. And we
had just stumbled upon the soon-to-be opened Acropolis Museum, which has no
actual exhibits but is already open to the public. So, we freshened up in there,
got a drink of water, and headed out back. Our next stop was a caf&eacute; in
the Plaka for lunch. We each ate gyros, French fries, and Fanta. The gyros were
so so, but the Fanta was excellent, as always. We also hiked part of the way
back up to the Acropolis to see Mars Hill of Acts 17 fame. Mars Hill has actual
steps now (probably built for the Olympics in 2004), so no more slipping and
sliding across the ultra-polished marble to get to the top. And it has a great
view of Athens so we took a break up there. We decided to take the back way down
and almost walked off of a cliff. But after a few scrapes and stumbles and a
sighting of a man peeing in the bushes, we made it down and found ourselves in a
very pretty part of Athens. We spent more time exploring ruins there: the Roman
Agora, the Theseion, and the Ancient Agora. And that&#x02bc;s where we finished
up our day in Athens.

We had seen clouds in downtown Athens but no rain, so we were surprised to find
ourselves back in the Piraeus in the middle of a huge thunderstorm. The metro
stop in Piraeus is a 30-minute walk from the ship, so we walked the entire way
back in a downpour, stepping in puddles, trying to avoid big splashes from cars
driving by, and being generally miserable. Our shoes and pants were completely
waterlogged by the time we made it back. We were pretty darn pitiful.

After we had gotten out of our soaked clothes into something dry, it was time
for us to go down to the theater for the evening&#x02bc;s performance. The
performer played several classical pieces and talked about the history of each
piece. He was a very engaging performer, and we really enjoyed hearing him. And
then it was time for dinner.

Before the cruise, I had ordered some snacks and chocolates for William for our
anniversary. When we got back from Athens, we found the snacks, but no
chocolates. So, I asked our stateroom attendant about the chocolates and she
checked with someone more important who told her that they would be delivered at
dinner. But then at dinner time, several waiters and the ma&icirc;tre d&#x02bc;
came out with a giant chocolate cake that said &ldquo;Happy Anniversary.&rdquo;
What? Where did the cake come from? And then they sang &ldquo;Happy Anniversary
to You&rdquo; to the tune of &ldquo;Happy Birthday.&rdquo; It came out kind of
like &ldquo;Happy &#x02bc;vers&#x02bc;ry to you. Happy &#x02bc;vers&#x02bc;ry to
you&rdquo; and so forth. So, that&#x02bc;s the story of how we got the giant
chocolate cake (instead of the chocolates that I had ordered).

Then we had to get the cake back to our room. You&#x02bc;d think that the wait
staff would&#x02bc;ve dealt with a situation like ours before, when we had a
giant cake and a very small fridge to keep it in. Our waiter tried to convince
us to take it back to our room and even gave us a tray for it. But no plastic
wrap or anything to keep it fresh. The ma&icirc;tre d&#x02bc; came over and said
that he would have someone send it up. So, we went back to our room and waited
for someone to bring us the cake. And they did, by putting the first tray on a
second tray and still without plastic wrap. Then we enlisted the help of our
stateroom attendants who agreed to clean out our mini bar, cut the cake into
smaller servings, leave us one serving, and keep the rest of the cake in their
fridge. The whole spectacle was quite amusing, since no one seemed quite sure
what to do with people who had a giant cake.

And that&#x02bc;s our first anniversary. What a day!
