title: Heisman Hijinks
slug: heisman-hijinks
urlname: heisman-hijinks
date: 2008-02-15
author: Rebecca

<img src="{static}/images/2008-02-15-heisman-trophy.jpg" alt="Heisman Trophy" class="img-fluid" />

Early this year, I was chatting with my old roommate Elizabeth who was working
feverishly on her CV as part of her application packet. It was late at night,
and we were trying to think of ways to beef it up to make her look even more
awesome to future employers. I jokingly suggested that she put down under the
&ldquo;Awards&rdquo; section that she had won the Heisman Trophy. Hilarity
ensued, as we imagined potential employers reading her CV and saying, &ldquo;She
has a Ph.D in astronomy &hellip; Well, well, look at this. It says she even won
the Heisman Trophy a few years back. Very impressive!&rdquo; (I should also
mention that Elizabeth is a rabid college football fan, especially for BYU and
UT. She can talk stats and strategies with the best of them. A guy in our
singles ward who was a trainer for the BYU football team called her a
&ldquo;truly informed woman&rdquo; once.)

Fast forward a few weeks. Those of us on the Austin LDS Institute email list
received an email announcing that [Ty Detmer][a] would be speaking at that
week&#x02bc;s Friday Forum. I immediately emailed Elizabeth because I thought
she&#x02bc;d be really excited to be in the same room as a fellow Heisman winner
and Ty Detmer, who was the greatest football player in BYU history, to boot. She
responded that she&#x02bc;d be out of town that weekend and was completely
crushed to be missing Ty Detmer. So, I promised her that I would go to the
Friday Forum and take lots of pictures and maybe even find a BYU foam finger to
wear during his talk.

Elizabeth came to our apartment one evening later that week, and we once again
started discussing how it was really cool that she had won the Heisman Trophy.
William also played along with the joke and decided to update Wikipedia to show
Elizabeth as the 2004 Heisman Trophy winner. It lasted all of 8 hours before
someone updated the entry, but it was still pretty funny.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-02-15-wikipedia.png" alt="Screenshot of Wikipedia entry listing Heisman Trophy winners" class="img-fluid" />

The day for his talk arrived. I admit that I was also pretty excited to hear Ty
Detmer, since I remember when he won the Heisman Trophy and Dad telling me how
Ty was a San Antonio kid who had gone to play football for BYU and joined the
Church. Friday Forum includes a $2 lunch which is served at 12 and the talk
begins at 12:15. Well, at 12:15, Ty Detmer still hadn&#x02bc;t arrived at the
Institute, which made a lot of people nervous. Finally, the senior missionary at
the Institute announced that Ty Detmer would not be able to make it. He had
gotten confused and headed to San Antonio instead of Austin. You wonder how in
the world anyone could confuse the two cities. Here&#x02bc;s why he got
confused: the address of the Austin Institute is 2020 San Antonio St. And the
best part about that story is that he lives in Austin!

Fast forward a few more weeks. We received another email announcing that Ty
Detmer would be the Friday Forum speaker for February 15 (today). I checked with
Elizabeth, and she told me that she would be in town. It promised to be a good
day.

And it was! Here are some pictures of the Friday Forum. The first one is Ty, and
what I like best about this picture is that it also shows Elizabeth sitting on
the front row, listening intently. The second picture is Elizabeth and me with
Ty Detmer. Amazing! His talk was pretty interesting. He told his life story: how
he grew up in Texas, decided to play football at BYU instead of UT, won the
Heisman Trophy unexpectedly, joined the Church, spent a few seasons playing in
the NFL, and now lives in Austin working at a sports agency that represents
former Heisman trophy winners. He told a couple of interesting stories, one of
which was about the time that he gave a blessing to Earl Campbell (another
Heisman trophy winner that I&#x02bc;ve met) and the other of which was about
when he played on the 49ers with Steve Young and all six of the LDS players on
the team would have a little sacrament meeting on Saturday nights before their
games.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-02-15-ty-detmer.jpg" alt="Ty Detmer" class="img-fluid" />

<img src="{static}/images/2008-02-15-rebecca-ty-elizabeth.jpg" alt="Rebecca, Ty, and Elizabeth" class="img-fluid" />

He seemed like a really nice guy and completely humble about all of his
accomplishments. Even during the questions where people asked him, &ldquo;What
was it like to win the Heisman?&rdquo; he seemed a bit surprised about where his
life has taken him. My question was &ldquo;What was it like to play for LaVell
Edwards who never got excited about anything?&rdquo; Anyway, it was a really
interesting talk, and I&#x02bc;ll add this picture of Ty to my collection of
Heisman winner photos.

[a]: https://www.heisman.com/heisman-winners/ty-detmer/
