title: November 14: Exploring Rome and our ship
slug: november-14
urlname: november-14
date: 2008-11-29
author: Rebecca

Someone called Rebecca&#x02bc;s phone at 1:15 in the morning. That woke William
up, and he couldn&#x02bc;t get back to sleep because it was so hot in the room.
The heater was very effective. He turned on the air conditioner and went back to
sleep.

We ate a quick breakfast at our hotel, and then went to see the Colosseum. Our
ride on the Metro was uneventful; it is not hard to become a pro at following
signs. Unlike our adventure at the Borghese Gardens, our seeing the Colosseum
was unavoidable when we stepped out of the Metro station. As we approached the
Colosseum, we were first accosted by buff Italian men dressed as gladiators who
tried to convince us to take a picture with them. I think, &ldquo;Hey guys take
a picture,&rdquo; was the extent of their grasp of the English language.

After we declined the gladiators &mdash; William thought they might be mafia and
would break or knees if we didn&#x02bc;t take a picture &mdash; we walked all
the way around the outside of the Colosseum looking for the entrance. When we
got back to where we started, we found out that we started near the entrance, it
just wasn&#x02bc;t open yet. The place opened at 8:30, but our tickets said they
were good at 8:15.

Still, we passed the long line because Rebecca had already bought our tickets
online. We spent a good hour walking around the Colosseum. It rained a very
little while we were there. After the Colosseum, we went to the Roman Forum and
Palatine Hill. The weather and timing were perfect. It was such a good time of
the year and such a good time of the day that we were the only people there for
a long time! William just couldn&#x02bc;t get enough of the columns and took a
lot of pictures of them. Rebecca harbored a secret hope that just maybe
something happened and the Forum would be restored to its former glory, but was
not meant to be. So, we just looked at the ruins and tried to imagine as best as
we could how impressive it might have once been.

After seeing these sights, we grabbed some lunch at a &ldquo;snack bar&rdquo; on
the way back to our hotel. I think that counts as the One Bad Meal that
we&#x02bc;re allotted for the trip. But it was food. We packed up, checked out
of our hotel, and went to the train station to meet some other people, Jerry and
Wanda, which were going on our cruise to share a shuttle out to the port. We
found them and our van driver at the McDonald&#x02bc;s restaurant in the Termini
train station. While we were dragging our luggage from the hotel to the station,
we noticed some kind of crowd shouting and singing a few blocks away.

As it turns out, the crowd was a bunch of students protesting something about
the school system. Our driver Tony told us that he had to park the van a long
way away in the middle of the road because the traffic was so bad. None of the
cars could get through the protest! It turned out well that he parked so far
away, because he could take the first side street and get away from the train
station as fast as he could. But we still sat there for about 20 minutes before
we could actually move.

In what seemed like forever, we drove across Rome, passing the Colosseum, a
pyramid, and the Tiber River, on our way to pick up another couple, Tony and
Amy, who were riding to Civitavecchia with us. I don&#x02bc;t know what took us
so long, since the hotel was just over by St. Peter&#x02bc;s. Once we had them,
we drove out to the port at Civitavecchia. The drive was through beautiful
countryside and took about an hour.

Once at the port, we gave our luggage to the porters and zipped through
registration and boarding. We got to our room and discovered that we had been
given a bottle of wine as part of our &ldquo;Concierge Class&rdquo; room.
Rebecca had told our travel agent to tell the cruise that we didn&#x02bc;t drink
alcohol, but I guess that message didn&#x02bc;t get through. But other benefits
of our room: terrycloth bathrobes, appetizers every afternoon, a bowl of fruit
every day, fresh flowers every day, a tote bag that has come in handy as a
laundry bag, and a wallet. I&#x02bc;m not sure what the deal is with the wallet,
but I guess it&#x02bc;s a good thing to have. We have a really nice balcony on
the 10<sup>th</sup> deck, which puts us way up above the water and gives us a
great view of the port.

We spent some time exploring the ship, since there are so many places to get
lost. One of the first things that we did was take a tour of the spa and sign up
for passes to the salt water pool. Apparently salt water bathing cures all ills,
so we should be like new by the end of the cruise. Rebecca also signed up for a
pedicure for our first sea day. We had made arrangements to meet our Cruise
Critic friends in the café at 4, and when we got there, we found the people that
we had shared a shuttle with. The café is much larger than I thought it would be
so we didn&#x02bc;t have a good way of finding others that we wouldn&#x02bc;t
recognize. Oh, well. But those of us who found each other had a nice visit.
There are certainly some friendly people on this ship!

The lifeboat drill was at 5:15, and the captain made at least three
announcements about it. Our first glitch was that our lifejackets were hidden
away where we couldn&#x02bc;t see them. Our room attendant found them under the
bed for us. Whoops. We left our room at 5:15 and realized that we were just
about the last people off of our deck, save for the crew. And then we tried to
exit down the crew staircase, much to the distress of our room attendant. But
with all of our mistakes corrected, we met at our muster station in the theater.
And then we went out to the deck and lined up for our lifeboats. It was all very
exciting.

The ship sailed away at 6. Or rather, began making preparations to sail away at
6. We tried to watch some of it, but it was too cold, so we just went back
inside where it was warmer. We signed up for the late dinner (which starts at
8:45) and that was probably a mistake. We tried looking for some snacks to keep
us going until then, but there was no food to be had. I don&#x02bc;t know what
the deal was. Next we went to the salt water pool to take advantage of our
passes. It was very relaxing. But by the time dinner came around, we were
starving!

When we registered for the cruise, we had requested a table for just the two of
us. So, imagine our surprise when we were seated next to another young couple,
even though the dining room had quite a few empty tables. But they are pretty
good table companions. They&#x02bc;re from Long Island and have really great
accents. So, I think we&#x02bc;ll be OK eating with them.

And by the time we got out of dinner, it was *late*, so we just crawled into
bed, thankful for warm, soft beds.
