title: New Job for Rebecca
slug: new-job-for-rebecca
urlname: new-job-for-rebecca
date: 2008-07-18
author: Rebecca

Yesterday, I accepted a new position with the Texas Workforce
Commission&#x02bc;s Business Services Department. I don&#x02bc;t know much about
exactly what I&#x02bc;ll be doing, except that it will involve reviewing grant
proposals, and I will no longer be a supervisor. I applied for this job months
ago, and interviewed two weeks ago. I felt like the interview went well enough,
but my heart wasn&#x02bc;t really in it. I didn&#x02bc;t think that they would
make me an offer, and I was prepared to turn it down if they did. But on
Tuesday, the manager who interviewed me called me into her office and extended
the offer, with quite a nice raise from what I am currently making. After
William and I talked and prayed about it, it appeared that accepting the job was
a good idea.

On paper, this is a smart decision. I&#x02bc;m getting paid more to do less, and
I won&#x02bc;t have to deal with the frustrations of supervising and managing
other people and dealing with *my* supervisors. I&#x02bc;m hoping that I
won&#x02bc;t come home mad from work each day and have at least one meltdown a
month where I cry about my job because I&#x02bc;m so bored/frustrated/angry. I
won&#x02bc;t get an email that tasks me with doing something that I have no idea
how to do because it&#x02bc;s not my job but someone sent it to me because they
thought I was a helpful person.

But then I start thinking about the people who work for me, and how much I enjoy
working with them. We just hired two new guys, and they&#x02bc;ve been working
for me for about 6 weeks, and they are the best. If I could&#x02bc;ve hired them
sooner, I would have. My longtime co-worker Carolyn reports to me, and she and I
have the best visits. Our admin Jill is a great person to vent to, and she
always orders my favorite kinds of pens and Post-it notes for me. And my boss
Debbie has been a great mentor. So, this is a good decision, but I&#x02bc;m
still a little sad when I think about the people that I&#x02bc;m leaving.

Change is a scary thing.
