---
title: Grandma&#x02bc;s Funeral
slug: grandmas-funeral
urlname: grandmas-funeral
date: 2009-11-01
author: Rebecca
---
This weekend, we went on a marathon road trip to Hammond, Louisiana, and back in
36 hours. I was slightly dreading the trip because we were (a) going to a
funeral of a beloved family member, (b) traveling with a 2-month old, and (c)
the drive is over 8 hours each way. But we managed to travel without incident
and had a good time with our family. Emily was pretty much a dream traveler. She
was either sleeping or eating during the car trip and timed her diaper changes
just right, if you catch my meaning.

Grandma&#x02bc;s funeral was on Saturday morning at their local chapel. Along
with the Texas bunch, we also had a cousin from Montana and a cousin from
Arkansas join us. We all got to participate in the services. Mom, Carrie, and I
shared memories of Grandma&#x02bc;s life, and Dad did the eulogy where he talked
about how Grandma&#x02bc;s life illustrated different aspects of the Plan of
Salvation. We also had good music that (we think) Grandma would&#x02bc;ve
appreciated.

(Side note: please, if you will, write down the hymns that you want played at
your respective funeral services. We had a heck of a time choosing the music
because Grandma didn&#x02bc;t leave any requests, and all Dad could think of was
&ldquo;On This Day of Joy and Gladness.&rdquo; Clever, right? Though we
didn&#x02bc;t *actually* sing that song. So, do your families a favor and start
thinking about this now.)

The people who attended the service all had such nice things to say about their
friendships with Grandma and how much they will miss her. It was obvious that
she was much beloved in her ward and community there.

My brother Mark dedicated the grave site. Grandma&#x02bc;s remains will be
buried next to Grandpa&#x02bc;s in the cemetery that they used to manage. The
weather cooperated nicely, and it was a beautiful day for us to be out there.

The Relief Society provided lunch for our family, and boy, do those Louisiana
ladies know how to cook! Talk about Southern hospitality. We were stuffed by the
time we finished lunch and dessert.

We also got some good family photos. It&#x02bc;s amazing that this one came out,
since the kids were all wiggly and excited. (And sorry I&#x02bc;m wearing the
same dress here that I always wear. I really do have other clothes.) 

![Family][a]

[a]: {static}/images/2009-10-31-extended-family.jpg

Finally, a picture of me, William and Emily! I have so few pictures of us,
probably because I&#x02bc;m always taking the pictures.

![William, Rebecca, and Emily][b]

[b]: {static}/images/2009-10-31-family.jpg

Emily&#x02bc;s headbands do this, and it cracks me up every time. Poor baby is
blindfolded, but all I can think to do is run for the camera.

![Emily][c]

[c]: {static}/images/2009-10-31-emily.jpg

And here, Emily is playing with her cousin Jacob. He has two brothers, so a girl
is a novelty to him. He gets really excited and always says, &ldquo;Hi, Baby
Em&#x02bc;ly!&rdquo; in his funny little voice when he sees her. He&#x02bc;s
very gentle with her, which I think, is a lesson that has been drilled into him
by his mother.

![Jacob and Emily][d]

[d]: {static}/images/2009-10-31-jacob-emily.jpg

We made it home last night around 11, and we were tired! We had a good weekend
together and are grateful that we could all be together to pay our final
respects to a great woman.
