title: The Joys of Home Ownership
slug: home-ownership
urlname: home-ownership
date: 2009-06-12
author: William

And by &ldquo;joys&rdquo;, I mean &ldquo;anxieties&rdquo;.

Remember [that big hailstorm that blew through Austin][a] back in March, and
cracked the windshield on our car? First of all, we still have the dents in the
roof of the car. We have an appointment to get them fixed on the
23<sup>*d*</sup> of this month. Body shops around town have been exceptionally
busy since the storm.

Second of all, we got another one last night. We first became aware that there
was a storm coming our way when we sat down in front of the television to watch
*The Office*, and every station on the air was showing weather maps and talking
about tornadoes in Liberty Hill. Except for *Telemundo*; I think they were
broadcasting a soccer match.

At first we were relieved that we were in our house, and, perhaps more
importantly, that our car was in our garage. But as the hail increased, so did
our anxiety. We have a metal roof over our patio, so the storm was *loud*. It
sounded like one hundred giant bags of popcorn popping simultaneously in one
hundred giant microwaves, next to railroad tracks with a train passing by.

We have a large sliding glass back door, and the whole time I was afraid the
wind would whip a hailstone right at us like a gunshot and shatter the glass.
And we don&#x02bc;t have a curtain over that door yet, so I&#x02bc;m sure that
would have introduced all kinds of wind, rain, leaves, and hail into our kitchen
and family room. I love rain, but I prefer it outside my house.

Thankfully, that didn&#x02bc;t happen. We did not completely escape damage,
though. First, a branch was torn off one of our crape myrtle trees:

<img src="{static}/images/2009-06-12-crape-myrtle.jpg" alt="Crape myrtle" class="img-fluid">

That&#x02bc;s OK, though, because we have several more of these trees, and as
you can see from the photo, you can&#x02bc;t even tell one of the branches is
missing.

Second, a window screen was blown off one of our front windows:

<img src="{static}/images/2009-06-12-window-screen.jpg" alt="Window screen" class="img-fluid">

I actually saw the screen come off during the storm last night. I&#x02bc;m glad
we have those bushes in front of our house; they gave me confidence that the
screen would not blow away down the street. Can you imagine me knocking on my
neighbors&#x02bc; doors the next morning, asking, &ldquo;Excuse me, but have you
seen a window screen, about this tall, and this wide? It ran away last night
during the storm.&rdquo;

I imagine I could also post &ldquo;Reward!&rdquo; posters on all the local
telephone poles. What do you think is an appropriate reward for the safe return
of a lost window screen?

The screen was bent slightly, but I succeeded in hammering it back into shape
and mounting it back on the window this morning. I also gave it a stern
talking-to, so I don&#x02bc;t think we will have a problem with it trying to get
away in the future.

[a]: {filename}/2009-04-18-all-hail-breaks-loose.md
