title: I got tagged again, and I should&#x02bc;ve called times
slug: i-got-tagged-again
urlname: i-got-tagged-again
date: 2009-01-14
author: Rebecca

Thanks a lot, Kimberley! I think the idea here is to fill in the blank with the
first thing that comes to mind. It&#x02bc;d probably be more enlightening to
have someone else fill this out about me but William is at Scouts, so
it&#x02bc;s all me this time.

**I am** not yet 30. Give me a few more days.

**I know** the names of the Roman emperors from Augustus down to Marcus
Aurelius.

**I want** a foot rub. William gives good ones.

**I have** a cough that won&#x02bc;t go away.

**I miss** Burgers Supreme. (And so would you, if you&#x02bc;ve ever had one of
their burgers. Or their fry sauce. Oh, man.)

**I hear** not very well. But I can read lips like nobody&#x02bc;s business. And
sometimes I find out things that are nobody&#x02bc;s business by lipreading.
It&#x02bc;s a fun party trick.

**I smell** everything. (OK, not like a dog that sniffs everything. Sheesh. I
just have an annoyingly keen sense of smell.)

**I crave** Church&#x02bc;s fried chicken.

**I search** on Google for people I knew a long time ago. But not in a stalker-y
way. I think.

**I care** ??? What does this mean? I care about a lot of things, but most
people do.

**I always** wash and moisturize my face before bed.

**I believe** in Christ. (This is what Kimberley/Breck put, and it works for me,
too.)

**I sing** pretty awfully. But not as badly as some of those people on American
Idol last night. Wow.

**I lose** at Canasta, and we don&#x02bc;t play that game any more because it
almost ended our marriage. I&#x02bc;ll take the blame for that; William is a
much more gracious gamer than I am.

**I win** at Scattergories and Trivial Pursuit.

**I never** learned to roller skate, ice skate, or ride a bike. I&#x02bc;m
pretty much useless if I&#x02bc;m not on my own two feet.

**I listen** sometimes.

**I am scared** of the dark and heights.

**I need** a new job. My job is making me crazy.

**I am happy about** taking this Friday off of work. Yay, long weekend!

**I tag** no one. This was hard. Oh, wait. I tag Kristin, because I don&#x02bc;t
think she ever reads my blog, even though she says she does. We&#x02bc;ll see
&hellip;
