title: Jesus Wants Me for a Sunbeam
slug: jesus-wants-me-for-a-sunbeam
urlname: jesus-wants-me-for-a-sunbeam
date: 2009-01-12
author: Rebecca

So, I was called three weeks ago to be a Sunbeam/CTRB teacher in my ward. Yay!
Goodbye, library. No more working with the mean ward librarian or making copies
for people who don&#x02bc;t speak English well enough to tell me that they want
front *and* back copied on one page. No more mass distribution of chalk stubs
and erasers (poor teachers, such is the controlling and frugal nature of our
ward librarian &hellip;) No more sets of scriptures for little kids. No more
&ldquo;There&#x02bc;s some picture of Jesus doing X. Can you find it in your
collection of thousands of pictures? And no, I don&#x02bc;t have a picture
number. Sorry.&rdquo;

This will be my first real teaching calling in the church (my stint in England
notwithstanding). We&#x02bc;ve had two weeks of Primary now, and already,
I&#x02bc;m pretty sure that I would be fine never to go back to Relief Society
again. Primary is so much fun!

I taught my first lesson last week. I considered it a raging success since the
kids all learned what &ldquo;CTR&rdquo; means. Choose the Right! Although, when
I held up the picture of the CTR logo at the beginning of class and asked if
anyone knew what it was, one little boy shouted &ldquo;Superman!&rdquo; But when
he said the closing prayer, he said, &ldquo;Please help us to remember to choose
the right.&rdquo; So, lesson learned.

It&#x02bc;s going to be a good year.
