title: Bored Again
slug: bored-again
urlname: bored-again
date: 2009-03-06
author: Rebecca

It&#x02bc;s Friday afternoon, and I&#x02bc;m trapped at work without anything to
do. I am blogging at work. And I could be doing this at home instead of in my
cubicle, but that&#x02bc;s just not how things go. Even if there&#x02bc;s not an
ounce of work to do, we are all expected to be here in our cubes, ready to go. I
don&#x02bc;t think there&#x02bc;s been a single work day of 2009 where I have
had something to do all day. Pretty much all of February was dead time, with me
whiling away my time surfing the internet, taking long walks, or chatting with
friends. Yes, this is what taxpayer dollars are paying for me to do at work.

The most frustrating thing is that I constantly am asking for more work to do,
and only once in a while will I get it. If anyone accuses me in a performance
review of not being a self-starter or of showing little initiative, I might have
to show them the dozens of emails that I&#x02bc;ve sent to higher-ups saying,
&ldquo;I&#x02bc;ve finished what you asked me to do. What&#x02bc;s next?&rdquo;
or say, &ldquo;Tell me one time when you&#x02bc;ve actually given me an
assignment and I failed to complete it in a timely manner or according to your
specifications.&#x02bc; We also learned last week that our team is hiring a new
staff person, due to an anticipated increase in workload. I&#x02bc;m suspicious
that this will result in even less work for me to do. (My team reviews grant
applications for businesses wanting to upgrade the skills of their workers.
Given the current economy, we are seeing fewer applications than ever before,
since businesses are cutting back and laying off everywhere.)

I&#x02bc;m reminded that last week, I received my annual statement of retirement
benefits from the state retirement system. It lists how much money I&#x02bc;ve
contributed to retirement, what my estimated pension will be upon retirement
based on my current salary, and my retirement date. Yes, my retirement date is
the most depressing figure of all: June 2032. I have only 23 more years of this
&hellip;

And now that I&#x02bc;ve got your attention, I need some new reading materials.
What are some of your favorite websites to check out for passing the time?
Recommendations, please.
