---
title: 4 Weeks to Go
slug: 4-weeks-to-go
urlname: 4-weeks-to-go
date: 2009-07-07
author: Rebecca
---
As my co-workers and friends remind me with great delight, I&#x02bc;m just four
short weeks away from having a baby. I&#x02bc;m not sure why they think that I
need to be reminded &mdash; August 4 has been circled on my calendar since the
beginning of December. And my calendar happens to be folded on that very week in
August, so it opens up to it every time. Maybe they&#x02bc;re trying to be
helpful, if it seems that pregnancy has wreaked havoc on my mental state. (I
don&#x02bc;t think it has.)

I realized that I&#x02bc;m doing a terrible job of documenting this joyous
occasion for posterity, but truth be told, there&#x02bc;s just not that much to
document. I&#x02bc;ve had no complications, morning sickness, backaches, goofy
cravings, sleepless nights, or painful kicks in the ribs. If it weren&#x02bc;t
for a slightly round belly, it would be fairly easy to pretend that I&#x02bc;m
not pregnant. But there are some things that I&#x02bc;d like to remember, so
I&#x02bc;ll put a few of them here for you.

My doctor looks like Dr. Nick on _The Simpsons_ and is far too cool to be my
doctor. He&#x02bc;s a Christian recording artist and has an earring and spiky
hair.

I said that I didn&#x02bc;t have any complications, which is true. The closest
I&#x02bc;ve come to complications is my swollen feet. It seems that my right
foot is especially puffy, so I have to get up and walk around a lot, lest I
start looking like I have elephant ankles. I wear flip flops to work now, with
full permission from my boss. I have a doctor&#x02bc;s note.

We&#x02bc;ve picked a name for our baby. Some of you know what it is, but others
will get to see her face and name for the first time together. It&#x02bc;s the
very first name that William suggested after we found out that we&#x02bc;re
having a girl. (My apologies to all of you who wanted us to name her Michael, in
honor of the recently and dearly departed King of Pop. Thanks for the kind
suggestion, but we&#x02bc;re going another route.)

I really like feeling her move around inside of me. She doesn&#x02bc;t kick
anything hard or bony, so her movements are gentle and pleasant. Every few
hours, I&#x02bc;m reminded that she&#x02bc;s still there and doing just fine.
What a considerate baby. She gets the hiccups for a few minutes every day, but I
haven&#x02bc;t noticed any one thing that tends to trigger them. At my 34-week
appointment, her head was already down, and I think she&#x02bc;s going to stay
there until she&#x02bc;s born because I can feel her feet on my right side.

At my last appointment, my doctor did an ultrasound to check on her because he
thought my belly was measuring small. By his calculation, she&#x02bc;s at
30<sup>th</sup> percentile in her weight, but her head looked big. He
didn&#x02bc;t like that too much, but I&#x02bc;m not worried because I have a
big head, too. (I&#x02bc;ll let you smart alecks make an appropriate joke here.
Kristin, this pause is for you.) We&#x02bc;ll see how she&#x02bc;s looking at my
next appointment, which is on Friday afternoon.

I kind of like wearing maternity clothes, especially the shirts. I got pretty
lucky in getting some cute hand me downs and finding some great sales at the
Motherhood outlet and Old Navy&#x02bc;s website. But the very first time I went
shopping for maternity clothes and had to try on stuff with that lumpy pillow in
the dressing room, I thought I was going to die of embarrassment because the
pillow was so big. I think I only bought a pair of shorts that day.

This is probably the first time in my life that I have been able to get away
with having a big belly where people come up to me and say, &ldquo;Your belly is
so cute!&rdquo; Before, I didn&#x02bc;t really have an excuse for having a not
very flat stomach. A few people have touched my belly with my permission, but it
hasn&#x02bc;t been a mad rush. Maybe I don&#x02bc;t look very approachable.
(Side note: why do people touch pregnant bellies? I would not go up to someone
with, say, a big bottom and pat it and say, &ldquo;Look how full and round your
bum is!&rdquo; Somehow the pregnant belly is exempted from the whole concept of
personal space.)

I am not going to miss people asking me how I&#x02bc;m feeling. Again, what a
boring question with an even more boring answer. Maybe I could lie and start
telling people that my hemorrhoids are really flaring up and boy, am I going
through my Preparation H like nobody&#x02bc;s business. Would that deter them?
Probably not because (a) if it were a woman, she would probably tell me about
all of *her* pregnancy complications, and (b) men don&#x02bc;t ask that
question. So, I just smile and say, &ldquo;I&#x02bc;m feeling just fine, thank
you. Same as always!&rdquo;

The most awkward thing that someone has said to us:

<p class="pl-3 border-left">
Well Wisher: Congratulations, Rebecca! I hear you&#x02bc;re expecting soon.<br>
Me: Yes, we&#x02bc;re having a girl in August.<br>
Well Wisher: (turns to William) And congratulations to you, too. I understand
that you had a big part in all of this.<br>
William: *blush*<br>
Me: *speechless*
</p>

Ahem. I&#x02bc;m sure she meant well in her comments, but perhaps she
should&#x02bc;ve winked and also elbowed him in the side when she said that.

I&#x02bc;ve had some pretty weird dreams over the last few months. One recent
dream involved our backyard being overrun by what looked like small flying
seals.

I&#x02bc;ve got another long overdue post about my baby showers, and those will
have pictures. Until then &hellip;
