---
title: Emily Update
slug: emily-update
urlname: emily-update
date: 2009-10-18T10:00
author: Rebecca
---
Emily is doing so well. She&#x02bc;s sleeping through the night now (10 pm to 6
am) pretty predictably. Nothing really seems to get to her, so she&#x02bc;s
pretty happy most of the time. She had her two-month checkup on Friday, which
meant her first round of vaccinations. She cried for about 10 seconds and then
settled down with a little bit of cuddling and fell asleep. Such a good baby!
Here are some pictures to show what we&#x02bc;ve been doing with Emily lately.

We&#x02bc;ve had a spate of cooler weather in the last few weeks, and I
don&#x02bc;t have much cool weather clothing for a tiny baby. So, we&#x02bc;re
going with the next best thing &mdash; blankets and a cap. The cap in this
picture is from the hospital, but it still fits. Of course, she still kicks the
blankets off in the night, I assume, because she&#x02bc;s hot. That&#x02bc;s my
girl!

![Emily][a]

[a]: {static}/images/2009-10-11-emily.jpg

Emily is starting to figure out what her hands can do for her. The other night,
she was playing in her pack and play and I heard her making kind of a plaintive
whimper. She had gotten the toy wrapped around her hand, much to her surprise.
So, I untangled her and set the toy next to her and went back what I was working
on. I heard the little whimpering again a few minutes later and found her just
like this. She kept picking up the toy!

![Emily][b]

[b]: {static}/images/2009-10-13-emily.jpg

My grandmother gave Emily this bear last week, to honor her proud University of
Texas heritage (dad, grandpa, an uncle, and several great uncles all went to
UT). Since yesterday was the annual Red River Shootout between OU and UT, Emily
decided to show a little team spirit by grabbing the bear and pulling it close
to her. William has decided to call the bear &hellip; wait for it &hellip;
Bear-vo.* Clever boy.

![Emily][c]

[c]: {static}/images/2009-10-17-emily.jpg

\* Those of you not familiar with UT&#x02bc;s longhorn mascot Bevo can read more
about him [here][d].

[d]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bevo_(mascot)
