---
title: How does your garden grow?
slug: how-does-your-garden-grow
urlname: how-does-your-garden-grow
date: 2009-06-07
author: Rebecca
---
The previous owners of our house planted a nice garden in the backyard for us.
It&#x02bc;s a good thing that they did because with all of the other things that
I want to do with the house, a garden would&#x02bc;ve been low on my priorities
list. But we have a ready-made garden, and all I have to do is keep it watered
and alive.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-06-07-garden.jpg" crossorigin="img-fluid">

I've decided that caring for this garden is kind of like suddenly being
responsible for someone else&#x02bc;s kids. I&#x02bc;ve seen kids before and
babysat occasionally and can kind of guess at what things they need to be happy
(food, milk, toys, and sleep, right?) But if I were to try to take care of your
kid (and I&#x02bc;m not offering, mind), it would take me a while to figure out
their feeding and sleeping schedule, what kinds of food they like or dislike,
and what they enjoy doing.

Same with my garden. We don&#x02bc;t know what all of the plants are. I&#x02bc;m
guessing that if we water them several times a week, and feed them once a week,
they&#x02bc;ll turn out OK. But I don&#x02bc;t know what each individual plant
needs or wants. So, I&#x02bc;m just sticking with the general watering policy.

And the plants seem to have personalities. The dill just took off and threatened
to overrun the garden until we removed one of the plants. Now it seems to have
lost general interest in life, without its sister plant. The Anaheim pepper
plant just grows abundantly without asking for too much in return. The pink
flowers, oh, heavens. They just like to show off. The tomatoes have miraculously
risen from the brink of death but seem to be peeved at me because they&#x02bc;re
not producing fruit. The basil and the chives try so hard to be useful, but
there is just so, so much of both of them. And the unidentified hairy tall plant
grows silently but doesn&#x02bc;t want to tell us his name.

We&#x02bc;re also attracting all kinds of wildlife. I&#x02bc;ve seen ants,
worms, caterpillars, June bugs, birds, and even rabbits hanging out in the
garden. Ah, the rabbits. We have a rabbit problem in this part of Austin. Better
than a deer problem, but annoying nonetheless. I even had to chase a Peter
Cottontail out of the garden, and he hopped away with his mouth still full of
chives. He looked like he had a green beard. Sheesh, bunny. You have gourmet
taste in your salad greens.

That&#x02bc;s our garden. Right now, it&#x02bc;s thriving, and I&#x02bc;m
hopeful that we&#x02bc;ll have some tomatoes one of these days and that the
mysterious tall plant will soon make its fruit appear. Good practice for kids,
right?

Do any of you have any guesses about what the tall plant might be? So far,
I&#x02bc;ve heard pepper, eggplant, and zucchini &hellip;
