---
title: A Keeper of a Guy
slug: a-keeper-of-a-guy
urlname: a-keeper-of-a-guy
date: 2009-03-20
author: Rebecca
---
Tuesday was William&#x02bc;s 27<sup>th</sup> birthday. It was a quiet but happy
celebration. We had Key lime cheesecake with friends, and he received a red long
sleeved t-shirt and a purple oxford cloth button down shirt from yours truly. He
looks pretty hot in both shirts. Thanks to all of you for the cards and phone
calls, and for those of you who simply forgot, birthday celebrations in our
house extend all week. So, not too late.

This was the third William birthday that I&#x02bc;ve celebrated. I thought
it&#x02bc;d be fun to share a story from the first birthday that we celebrated
together. We started dating in the middle of February 2007. His birthday was
just a mere month later. In a moment of uncharacteristic boldness, I offered to
take him to Waco for his birthday so that he could spend the day with his
family. (He didn&#x02bc;t have a car then.)

Seriously, what was I thinking? First of all, we&#x02bc;d been
&ldquo;dating&rdquo; for two weeks; we hadn&#x02bc;t even had A We&#x02bc;re
Together Talk yet. (But when we did, boy, was it short. A short story for
another day, I suppose.) Second of all, what if we broke up between the offer
and the actual birthday? Would I rescind the offer and let him have a terrible
birthday alone as punishment (OK, really, I&#x02bc;m not that catty), or just go
along as a friend that offered him a 2-hour ride and then had to spend an
awkward day with his family? Third of all, what kind of girl dares to meet the
family of a guy when they&#x02bc;ve been dating for such a short period of time?
It would&#x02bc;ve been one thing if his parents had been in town for, say, a
choir concert and casually invited me to dinner with them afterwards, but I was
going 2 Hours Out of My Way to their house! What would they think? Curiosity?
Disapproval of such a bold woman? Annoyance at an outsider who was crashing a
family birthday party?

That was the mental debate I had between when I said, &ldquo;Can I take you to
Waco for your birthday?&rdquo; and William responded, &ldquo;I accept your
offer.&rdquo; *Whew.*

Fortunately for my plans, we did not break up, which then left me in the
position of trying to find a birthday present for someone that I&#x02bc;d been
dating for 3 weeks. Again, stress. A card would be too little, but I
didn&#x02bc;t want to go all out and buy a watch or something fancy like that.
In this situation, the gym came to the rescue. There was a guy at my gym who
always wore a t-shirt that said, &ldquo;I&#x02bc;m a keeper&rdquo; and I thought
it was the greatest shirt ever (even if the guy himself didn&#x02bc;t really
look like a keeper.) So, I ordered an &ldquo;I&#x02bc;m a keeper&rdquo; t-shirt
from Amazon, thinking that it was very clever, it sounded vaguely British (if
you like English football) and it was just enough of a present to say &ldquo;I
want you to have a happy birthday&rdquo; as opposed to &ldquo;I spent so much
money and effort on this present that you are now pretty much obligated to marry
me.&rdquo;

The birthday came. The &ldquo;I&#x02bc;m a keeper&rdquo; was wrapped up in a
festive little box with a ribbon and a card, and I put it in the back seat of
the car. We talked for most of the drive up. Along the way, we saw a billboard
for Dr. Pepper and started talking about the Dr. Pepper Museum in Waco.
I&#x02bc;d never been, so William said that we should put that on the List of
Things to Do. I think he actually had one at that time.

And then he said, &ldquo;You know what we should do? We should go the Dr. Pepper
Museum and get a t-shirt that says &lsquo;I&#x02bc;m a Pepper&rsquo; and change
the letters on it to say &lsquo;I&#x02bc;m a keeper.&rsquo;&rdquo; I am not
kidding. He *said that*. I almost lost it and threw his package into his lap and
said, &ldquo;Oh, you *must* open your present right now, even though you are
driving down the highway at 70 miles per hour!&rdquo; But I didn&#x02bc;t. I
just laughed awkwardly and thought to myself, *&ldquo;He knows what I got him.
How did he find out?&rdquo;*

We made it to Waco without further incident. We ate lasagna and cake. We sang
the Jackson Family birthday song, which I still don&#x02bc;t know because it has
way too many verses. And then we opened cards and presents. He eyed my package
suspiciously, shook it, negotiated the curling ribbons binding it tightly,
unpeeled the wrapping paper and tissue paper, and realized that his birthday
present was a blue t-shirt. He turned it around and read the front:
&ldquo;I&#x02bc;M A KEEPER.&rdquo; And then he started laughing as hard as
I&#x02bc;ve ever seen him laugh. Laughed so hard that his mother had a look of
slight concern on her face. And then he jumped up and gave me a really big hug.
(Now, really, do you think that he was going to kiss me for the first time in
front of his parents? Awkward.)

I said, &ldquo;How on earth did you know what I got you? You were talking about
this shirt in the car!&rdquo; He said, &ldquo;I didn&#x02bc;t! I was just making
conversation!&rdquo; And then he had to make up some story for his parents about
how I&#x02bc;d gotten them the shirt because he had played keeper on a Quidditch
team (not kidding about that one) instead of because I had every intention of
keeping him forever.

And as it turns out, I did end up keeping him forever, t-shirt and all.

<img src="{static}/images/2007-03-17-keeper.jpg" class="img-fluid">
