title: Veggie Tales, or the Jacksons Try Organic
slug: veggie-tales
urlname: veggie-tales
date: 2009-03-04
author: Rebecca

We are now the proud owners of (a very small part of) a farm. A few months ago,
my friend wrote on her blog about a CSA here in Austin that she had recently
joined, and from which she received a box of freshly harvested vegetables each
week. [CSA][a] stands for Community Supported Agriculture. Members join a local
farm by paying a membership fee, and for this fee, they receive a share of the
output of the farm. I believe that CSA is starting to take off across the
country, given a renewed interest in locally grown, organic foods. (Funny,
isn&#x02bc;t that what everyone ate 100 years ago?)

[a]: https://www.nal.usda.gov/afsic/community-supported-agriculture

My friend seemed to enjoy her weekly vegetable bounty from the CSA, so I put our
names on the waiting list. Hey, this is Austin &mdash; organic, locally grown is
*hot*. I figured that this would be a good way to to try out new vegetables
while supporting what seems to be a very worthy cause. And we waited patiently
for our turn to join the CSA. About a month ago, I got an email letting me know
that there was a spot in [Johnson&#x02bc;s Backyard Garden][b] for us.

[b]: https://www.jbgorganic.com/

I decided to sign up for the 4-week trial, where we would get a box of
vegetables every other week. I like vegetables OK, but they&#x02bc;re not
something that I actively seek out, especially when faced with a nice piece of
bread and butter. If it was too much trouble, we&#x02bc;d only have to mess with
vegetables for four weeks. The other part of the deal is that we had to pick up
our vegetables ourselves from a designated pick up site. Fair enough. Better
than going out to the farm and picking them. The total cost for four boxes is
$120, which I think, is still cheaper than what I would pay at the grocery store
for a comparable amount of organic vegetables, averaging $15 a week for veggies.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-03-04-vegetables.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Today, we picked up our first box after work. The picture above shows everything
that we found in our box. It&#x02bc;s usually a surprise &mdash; you get what
they harvest that day, and no whining about it. There is a trade box at the pick
up site, so if there&#x02bc;s something you hate in the box, you can trade it
for something else in the trade box, unless, of course, everyone hates that same
thing, and the trade box is full of, say, Brussels sprouts.

Here&#x02bc;s what we ended up with: one avocado, a bunch of radishes, mint,
parsley, a bag of salad greens, a bunch of spinach, broccoli florets, one head
of cabbage, a bunch of carrots, what we just found out is a bunch of kale, three
oranges and three grapefruit (I traded an extra bunch of radishes for an
additional grapefruit.) The citrus fruits are grown on another local farm and
thrown into the box for good measure. First of all, I was really glad that all
of the vegetables were things I&#x02bc;d heard of (not necessarily cooked with,
but heard of.) What if our first box had been full of kohlrabi, pac choi, and
Jerusalem artichokes? Way too adventurous for a budding veggie lover like me.

Second of all, look how gorgeous those veggies are! The carrots are stunning
with their leafy green tops, the greens are so bright, and the mint smelled,
well, powerfully minty. I even tasted an arugula leaf from the salad mix, and
boy, was it good. And here is my favorite from this week&#x02bc;s selection, a
teeny little cabbage. It&#x02bc;s absolutely perfectly sized, in my opinion.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-03-04-cabbage.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Thus begins our experiment with organic vegetables. Aren&#x02bc;t we so hip? And
if we find good recipes for all these veggies, we&#x02bc;ll put them on My
Wife&#x02bc;s Food Blog. Stay tuned!
