title: Be my Valentine?
slug: be-my-valentine
urlname: be-my-valentine
date: 2009-02-16
author: Rebecca

Valentine&#x02bc;s Day has been one of those obligatory holidays for me. I think
it&#x02bc;s great that there&#x02bc;s a day to celebrate love, but I promise you
that I don&#x02bc;t need a fluffy white teddy bear and a heart-shaped box of
chocolates to celebrate it. Plus, I would feel too guilty about how much fat and
sugar was in the chocolates, so I&#x02bc;d probably eat one every two weeks and
then they&#x02bc;d go bad and whoever gave them to me would think that I
didn&#x02bc;t really love them after all. I mean, I don&#x02bc;t want to get fat
just because someone loves me. Sheesh. So, a nice card and maybe a nice
home-cooked meal will do it for me. Just enough to say, &ldquo;Hey, America, we
celebrated Valentine&#x02bc;s Day like everyone else, but we didn&#x02bc;t spend
$250 on it. Take that.&rdquo;

That said, I think Valentine&#x02bc;s Day is a great opportunity to bust out the
Creativity. I really wanted to decorate sugar cookies for Christmas, but that
totally didn&#x02bc;t happen. So, the next obvious holiday that provided an
excuse to decorate cookies was Valentine&#x02bc;s Day. On Wednesday night, I
invited two friends over for a cookie-decorating blitz. My friend Cassandra is a
super cute artist who is in the middle of a cake decorating class, so she
brought her frosting tips. My friend Erin brought frosting, and I provided the
[sugar cookies][a]. (By the way, that cookie recipe doesn&#x02bc;t require
chilling the dough before rolling it out. *Yay*, because who wants to wait at
least one more hour for a cookie?) We had a good time, and by the end of the
night, here&#x02bc;s what we ended up with.

[a]: https://www.wilton.com/roll-out-cookie-dough/WLRECIP-31.html

<img src="{static}/images/2009-02-11-cookies-01.jpg" class="img-fluid">

<img src="{static}/images/2009-02-11-cookies-02.jpg" class="img-fluid">

On Saturday, William and I made Valentines. Target has these kits for $5 that
come with everything: blank cards, bows, rhinestones (so classy), stickers, and
glittery stick on decorations. It&#x02bc;s really easy because all you have to
do is glue the decorations onto the cards. We busted out the hot glue gun and
went to work. I think I had more fun than William did because he seemed a little
frustrated with the glue gun. But William made the best card. It was a smiley
face done entirely in rhinestones, with the pink heart rhinestones for eyes. I
couldn&#x02bc;t stop laughing at it. (Sorry, no pictures here. But trust me, it
was really, really funny.)

<img src="{static}/images/2009-02-14-cards.01.jpg" class="img-fluid">

<img src="{static}/images/2009-02-14-cards.02.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Now, about that fancy home-cooked dinner &hellip;
