title: Catching Up
slug: catching-up
urlname: catching-up
date: 2009-02-25
author: Rebecca

For all of you who faithfully and at some inconvenience sign into Blogger
regularly to read our blog, because we&#x02bc;re too paranoid to just open it up
for the whole world to see, my apologies for the lack of interesting posts. But
here are some things that I think are interesting.

First, last week, William and I were talking about how much I like food blogs
and how fun it would be for me to have one. I like trying new recipes, and I
like sharing the ones that are tasty. But I quickly realized that it would
probably be too much work for me, at least at this point in my life. And I
don&#x02bc;t have a fancy camera that would take awesome pictures that make all
of my dishes look supremely appetizing. But someday, right?

Anyway, imagine my surprise when a few nights ago, William said to me shyly,
&ldquo;Can I show you what I&#x02bc;ve been working on?&rdquo; And he pulled up
[this][a]. Looky, looky, he started a food blog for me! Now, that&#x02bc;s an
interesting take: I do the cooking, and William writes about how good (or bad, I
guess, as if that *ever* happens) the dish was. Most blogs just say, &ldquo;My
DH loved this,&rdquo; or &ldquo;Trust me, this is good.&rdquo; But none that
I&#x02bc;ve seen tell the story from the husband&#x02bc;s point of view. A food
blog, without any extra work on my part. How cool is that?

[a]: https://mywifesfoodblog.wordpress.com/

Second, we are in the process of looking for and buying a house. Doesn&#x02bc;t
that sound grown up? We think we found the house for us on Monday night, and we
put an offer on it last night. Now we&#x02bc;re just waiting to see what comes
of that. If all goes well, I&#x02bc;ll put pictures up here. We&#x02bc;ll be in
northwest Austin, still in our ward and close to several good friends of ours.
We&#x02bc;re pretty excited about having a nice big place of our own, even if
half of the rooms will be completely empty for the first few years that we live
there. (Because we do not have 2000 sq ft worth of stuff in our little 1000 sq
ft apartment. Thank heavens for that. I hate junky living spaces. But still,
makes for an empty-ish house.)

Third, I&#x02bc;m home sick today. Nothing awful, but possibly contagious, and
certainly not worth sitting through 8 hours of work for. And I plan to spend the
day cleaning out my closet and reading books. Somehow, cleaning out my closet is
so, so therapeutic. I might even wean out a few pairs of shoes. I know, right? I
must be really sick.

Fourth, we have been blessed with extremely good weather this month. In
February! It&#x02bc;s felt positively spring like, and that makes me happy. Not
very interesting, I know, but I just wanted to share that happy thought.
