title: 4<sup>th</sup> of July
slug: 4th-of-july
urlname: 4th-of-july
date: 2011-07-15
author: Rebecca

We had a pretty nice 4<sup>th</sup> of July. Emily and I made a flag out of
construction paper and star stickers. Not quite a Betsy Ross-quality product but
good enough for us. And we taught her &ldquo;You&#x02bc;re a Grand Old
Flag.&rdquo;

<img src="{static}/images/2011-07-01-flag-01.jpg" alt="Making a flag" class="img-fluid" />

<img src="{static}/images/2011-07-01-flag-02.jpg" alt="Making a flag" class="img-fluid" />

<img src="{static}/images/2011-07-01-flag-03.jpg" alt="Making a flag" class="img-fluid" />

<img src="{static}/images/2011-07-01-flag-04.jpg" alt="Making a flag" class="img-fluid" />

Our neighborhood has a little parade that&#x02bc;s just right for an almost
2-year old: one firetruck, a handful of police cars, a few civic groups like Boy
Scouts and the lifeguards from the pool, and not a single scary clown, all
throwing more candy than we&#x02bc;d ever seen in our lives. It was so much
candy that Emily didn&#x02bc;t really know what was going on until she saw us
picking it up. Then she sort of caught on: &ldquo;Oh, we&#x02bc;re helping keep
the streets clean!&rdquo; It wasn&#x02bc;t until we actually opened a piece of
candy that she fully appreciated the bounty that we&#x02bc;d been given. (Side
note: most of it is going to the Halloween stash. So, maybe you won&#x02bc;t
want to come by our house for old candy this year. You&#x02bc;ve been warned.)
(Second side note: you know those fruit-flavored Tootsie Rolls? Those are GOOD.
They will not be in our Halloween stash because I already ate them all. Sorry.)

After the parade, we went to Fourth Fest where William and Emily played on the
playground, i.e. hogged the swings, for a good 30 minutes, while I sat in the
shade and tried not to think about how hot it was. We also celebrated
America&#x02bc;s independence by eating tacos al pastor and elote (grilled corn
on the cob.) I guess we wanted to remember our Mexican heritage.

<img src="{static}/images/2011-07-04-parade.jpg" alt="Watching the parade" class="img-fluid" />

I have a story about neighborliness as well. The parade loops through several
residential streets in our part of Austin. Since this was our first year at the
parade, we weren&#x02bc;t really sure where to park. We found a shady spot along
a tree-lined street, but just as we were getting out of the car, a woman walked
up and said that we&#x02bc;d parked on the parade route. Whoops. But then she
quickly followed by saying that we could park in her driveway and sit with her
and all her neighbors for the parade. Hooray for friendly neighbors!
