title: A boring post about the weather
slug: weather
urlname: weather
date: 2011-02-14
author: Rebecca

Even if this post is boring, the weather certainly was not! We had sub-freezing
temperatures for four consecutive days and even a nice little snowfall at the
tail end to brighten our lives. And then the very next day, the temperature got
up to 65 and all was right with the world again. (Aside to you who live anywhere
colder which is pretty much anywhere in the US, except maybe Reno: I will remind
you that you have heaters and clothes designed for freezing weather, whereas we
Texans function best with flip flops and air conditioners. Our poor heater
didn&#x02bc;t know what to do!)

This stay at home mom had to be kind of creative in staving off cabin fever, and
turns out, I&#x02bc;m not that creative. We read a bunch of books, waited
patiently through a series of government-mandated power outages, did some
baking, had a morning at the &ldquo;spa,&rdquo; and built a fort.

**Books:** always a hit with Emily. New favorites include *Hippos Go Berserk*
and *Yummy Yucky*.

**Blackouts:** Took me completely by surprise and made for an unpredictable
morning, i.e. &ldquo;Do I dare get in the shower and try to dry my hair before
the next outage hits?&rdquo;

**Baking:** Tried a new granola recipe, which just wasn&#x02bc;t as good as my
mother-in-law&#x02bc;s. I&#x02bc;ll never doubt you again, Ellen!

**Spa:** I put Emily&#x02bc;s hair in a ponytail that lasted long enough for
William to see it, and I painted one hand&#x02bc;s worth of fingernails before
she scurried off. So much for that good idea.

**Fort:** Emily wasn&#x02bc;t quite as taken with the fort as I&#x02bc;d hoped.
Isn&#x02bc;t a fort just a huge blanket draped over a bunch of chairs to make a
hiding place from Mom? Emily actually had more fun collapsing the fort, so
perhaps she has a future in demolitions.

Anyway, here are some pictures from that week.

<img src="{static}/images/2011-02-02-emily.jpg" alt="Emily" class="img-fluid" />

Couple of things here: See the outfit? It was so cold in our house that I had
her in a long shirt, pants, socks, PJ&#x02bc;s and her hoodie all day. Also, see
the graffiti on her &ldquo;house&rquo;? We did a lot of coloring while we were
house bound. As William said so wittily, &ldquo;Emily&#x02bc;s house is in the
bad part of town.&rdquo;

<img src="{static}/images/2011-02-02-music-table.jpg" alt="Emily at the music table" class="img-fluid" />

Here&#x02bc;s my attempt at a ponytail. So sassy looking! Her hair is just so
soft that it doesn&#x02bc;t stay put. Any tips?

<img src="{static}/images/2011-02-03-emily.jpg" alt="Emily with bed hair" class="img-fluid" />

Best bed hair ever. She&#x02bc;s ready to walk down a runway with that do!

<img src="{static}/images/2011-02-04-emily.jpg" alt="First snow" class="img-fluid" />

Taking her first tentative steps out into the snow. It was like 15 degrees out
there, and as you can see, we don&#x02bc;t have good clothes for playing in
snow. (Chelsea called it &ldquo;ghetto snow gear&rdquo; for her kids, and
that&#x02bc;s exactly what we have.)

<img src="{static}/images/2011-02-04-william-snow.jpg" alt="William in the snow" class="img-fluid" />

<img src="{static}/images/2011-02-04-emily-william-snow.jpg" alt="William and Emily in the snow" class="img-fluid" />

<img src="{static}/images/2011-02-04-emily-rebecca-snow.jpg" alt="Rebecca and Emily in the snow" class="img-fluid" />

Just looking at these pictures makes me cold again. Brrr!

So, the ending of this story is kind of happy. After it warmed up again, we had
a weatherization company come out to do some weatherproofing on our house. They
were here for about 3 hours and sealed up all kinds of leaks, etc. The next day,
the temperatures plunged again, but somehow it didn&#x02bc;t feel quite as cold
to me, so I consider it a good investment. (As I write this, the forecast shows
a high of 70 for this week, and I&#x02bc;m perfectly fine with that.)
