title: It&#x02bc;s like a garden out here*
slug: garden
urlname: garden
date: 2011-04-01
author: Rebecca

I was able to get my garden put in at the beginning of March, thanks to the
marvels of the Texas climate. I might have started even earlier, had it not been
for a [certain freak snowstorm][a] in February. Oh, but wait, let me back up.

I had a fall garden, in which I planted several leafy greens, some cabbage, and
some parsley. Those kind of piddled along but eventually grew big enough to be
interesting. And then the aforementioned freak snowstorm threatened to wipe out
plants which by then were doing well enough that I could sprinkle homegrown
arugula into the occasional salad. We covered the bed, which was then subjected
to no less than 4 days of hard freezing and 1 day of snowfall, and hoped for the
best. All that hoping paid off because nearly everything survived and came back
stronger than ever. The only casualties were a broccoli and Brussels sprouts
that hadn&#x02bc;t been doing well anyway. (Spiritual application, anyone?)

Emboldened by my ability (extraordinary good luck?) to keep a garden alive
through poor weather, I put lots of new plants into the ground at the beginning
of March. Here&#x02bc;s what my garden looked like a few weeks ago. Not pictured
is the pot of strawberries on the patio.

<img src="{static}/images/2011-03-24-garden-labels.jpg" alt="Garden" class="img-fluid" />

<img src="{static}/images/2011-03-24-garden.jpg" alt="Garden" class="img-fluid" />

Since these pictures were taken, the cabbage and Brussels sprouts have been
removed, and I&#x02bc;ve added a few more things: another bell pepper plant,
okra seeds, more flowers to attract butterflies (and yellowjackets, apparently),
and two more tomato plants. The only casualties of my spring planting so far are
the marigolds. Everything else is coming along nicely, especially the tomatoes.
I already see about 10 tiny green tomatoes that I&#x02bc;m excited to pick in a
few weeks! If I find a recipe that calls for expensive ingredients like fresh
thyme, basil, or arugula, it&#x02bc;s so satisfying to go outside and snip off
what I need.

<img src="{static}/images/2011-03-24-cabbage.jpg" alt="Cabbage" class="img-fluid" />

Can I say something about this cabbage? That cabbage went through so much
hardship and still thrived. I liked to think of her as the Grand Dame of my
garden, telling all of the other plants what to do. Last week, something with
very sharp teeth, perhaps a rabbit or squirrel, made a nice snack of this
cabbage. So, we had to eat her for dinner. I only wish that this not so amazing
[salad][b] had done her life justice. Now there&#x02bc;s an empty spot in my
garden, and I&#x02bc;m not sure what to put there. Zucchini, maybe? (Does anyone
have opinions about homegrown zucchini? Do tell.)

Lest you think you&#x02bc;re getting away without a single mention of Emily,
here&#x02bc;s a cute picture of my little garden princess. By the way,
it&#x02bc;s Emily&#x02bc;s fault that I have 12 okra plants sprouting in my
garden right now. She wanted to plant every single seed that she could get her
little hands on. So, you all are invited over for a big pot of gumbo in about
two months!

<img src="{static}/images/2011-03-25-garden.jpg" alt="Emily at the garden" class="img-fluid" />

\*Can anyone besides Carrie tell me what movie that&#x02bc;s from?

[a]: {filename}/2011-02-14-weather.md
[b]: https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/172790/amazing-asian-chicken-salad/
