title: Mary Nelson, 1920&ndash;2009
urlname: mary-nelson-1920-2009
date: 2009-10-18T11:00
author: Rebecca

![Family photo][a]

[a]: {static}/images/2008-12-25-christmas.jpg

I found out on Friday morning that my grandma, Mary Nelson (standing next to me
in the picture), had passed away on Thursday night. Her passing was not
altogether unexpected, since her health and mental abilities had declined in
recent months. It is still a bittersweet time for our family as we reflect on
the woman that she was and the legacy that she left behind.

Emily&#x02bc;s middle name, Maryann, is taken partly from Grandma Nelson.
That&#x02bc;s because she was an amazing woman! She grew up on a ranch in
Bozeman, Montana, but also lived in Minnesota, Louisiana, and Texas. Her first
husband was killed in World War II (my engagement ring contains the diamond from
her ring), and she married my grandpa several years later.

She was raised Episcopal and didn&#x02bc;t join the LDS Church until after my
mom was born. However, because their branch in Louisiana was so small, she was
enlisted to service even before she was baptized. When she finally agreed to be
baptized, my grandpa was so excited that he forgot how to get to the church! She
remained faithful to the gospel all her life, serving in many church callings
and working as a temple worker in the Atlanta Temple with Grandpa before his
death in 1994. She was always proud of being a 100% visiting teacher for over 50
years. (Personally, I think that&#x02bc;s worth a crown in heaven right there.)
And she befriended many, many missionaries who passed through her ward over the
years.

She taught home economics and food science classes at the university level. And
she was a wonderful cook and a gracious hostess. I remember when we drove to
Louisiana for Thanksgiving, she would always have a hot meal and set table
waiting for us on Wednesday night, even though the next day would be a big day
of cooking and baking. My mom learned how to make pies (and many other tasty
treats) from her, and some of our family favorite desserts come from
Grandma&#x02bc;s recipe book. She borrowed from the cuisine of her adopted home
state of Louisiana and made divinity and pralines like no other, as well as
other Southern classics.

I will also remember how Grandma played the piano and the organ beautifully. Mom
and I recently found her music stash, and she could play anything in those
books. Even after she moved to Texas, the ward called her to play the piano in
Relief Society, in her mid-80s. And she would do it, even though she was
starting to forget, just because that&#x02bc;s what the Church was all about.

Grandma was most devoted to her family. As children, we always loved to see
Grandma and Grandpa. Because they lived so far away, it was a special treat when
they would come visit us. Grandma sent us packages and letters to let us know
that she loved us and missed us. She was close to her sister and her nieces and
nephews all her life. My mom is an only child, so she and Grandma had a
relationship that evolved over the years. Mom spent much of her time over the
last five years as Grandma&#x02bc;s caretaker, which was a tremendous strain on
her and Grandma as her faculties gradually slipped away. However, I hope that
Mom&#x02bc;s memories of those difficult years will gradually become sweet and
that she will find her selfless service accepted.

When I think of Grandma&#x02bc;s passing, the phrase that comes into my mind is
&ldquo;joyous reunion in heaven.&rdquo; I can&#x02bc;t help but think of how
many people are waiting on the other side for her and saying, &ldquo;Welcome
home, Mary. It&#x02bc;s so wonderful to see you again, and we have so much to
talk about!&rdquo;

I will miss my grandma.
