---
title: Elder Bednar
slug: elder-bednar
urlname: elder-bednar
date: 2008-07-01
author: Rebecca
---
William and I happen to be in the same ward as Elder David A. Bednar&#x02bc;s
oldest son Michael and his family. The younger Bednars have lived in Austin for
the last four years while Michael has worked on his graduate degree. Since
they&#x02bc;ve had three children in the time that they&#x02bc;ve been here,
Elder Bednar and his wife have come to Austin three times for baby blessings.
And the fourth time, he was assigned to preside at our stake conference. This
weekend, their new granddaughter was blessed, so Elder and Sister Bednar came to
Austin for another visit.

Every time that they&#x02bc;ve come here for a family visit, Elder Bednar has
been kind enough to speak at a stake fireside or similar gathering, and this
weekend he did the same. But first, they attended our ward in the morning. He
and his wife gave talks in our sacrament meeting, and conveniently, our
third-hour Priesthood and Relief Society meeting was combined for the fifth
Sunday, and Elder Bednar spoke during that meeting. (I&#x02bc;m pretty sure that
our bishop was glad that he didn&#x02bc;t have to plan a lesson for that fifth
Sunday meeting.) And then the Bednars spoke at a stake fireside in the evening.

All of the meetings were wonderful. He conducted two of the meetings as question
and answer sessions, rightly pointing out that most of us would never again have
an opportunity to ask questions of an apostle in such a small setting. Nearly
all of the questions sparked further instruction from him, and I felt like I
learned so much, even though the doctrines he taught were simple and familiar. I
even got to ask him a question, which he and Sister Bednar both answered. It was
a great day, and the things that I heard and felt have lingered with me this
week.
