title: 2007 vs 2008
urlname: 2007-vs-2008
date: 2008-07-06
author: Rebecca

The 4<sup>th</sup> of July has been an important day in our relationship, since
William and I got engaged on July 4, 2007. I thought it might be appropriate a
year later to point out similarities and differences.

### 2007

1.  We ate lunch with my family at the [Salt Lick][a] in Driftwood, Texas.
2.  We hung out at Mark and Monica&#x02bc;s house.
3.  We ate dinner at Chili&#x02bc;s.
4.  I started feeling really sick, so we stayed home and watched _Galaxy Quest_.
    (For those of you who weren&#x02bc;t around during this most unpleasant
    episode in my life, I had come down with a particularly nasty case of mono,
    and this was the first day that I felt truly and absolutely awful.)
5.  William dragged me to watch fireworks from a nearby parking garage and
    proposed to me. By then, my fever had reached probably 102 or 103.

### 2008

1.  We ate lunch with my family at the Salt Lick in Driftwood, Texas. (I very
    much support the idea of this becoming an annual Allen family get-together!)
2.  We drove to Waco and hung out at the Jacksons&#x02bc; empty house, while
    they all went to see _Wall-E_.
3.  We ate dinner at the Jacksons.
4.  We watched _Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban_ with the Jacksons. I
    felt absolutely fine.
5.  Larry took us to the parking lot of a hotel in downtown Waco to watch the
    fireworks with hundreds of other people. And as we watched the fireworks, I
    looked at William and once again thought, &ldquo;What a difference a year
    makes&rdquo; and was thankful.

[a]: https://saltlickbbq.com/
