title: The first time I owned a pair of shoes with a model number
urlname: shoes
date: 2008-03-30
author: William

Rebecca and I decided we wanted to run a 5K together. Rebecca used to run, but
hasn&#x02bc;t in a while. I&#x02bc;ve never done more exercise than was required
to receive my high school diploma, and have never run farther than 1 mile at
once. And I don&#x02bc;t think I even ran the whole time the last time I did the
mile. Which was in 2000.

So, Rebecca found us a nice six-week training program and when we were in Waco
on the 15th of March we shopped for shoes. [Rebecca mentioned this recently][a],
but allow me to elaborate on the shoeing process.

[a]: {filename}/2008/03/2008-03-16-were-a-pepper.md

I had never shopped for running shoes before so I had no idea what I was doing.
We decided on a maximum price and Rebecca just started pulling shoes off the
shelf and bringing them to me. I tried on six or seven pairs and, depending on
how well they fit, put some in a &ldquo;keep&rdquo; pile and gave some to
Rebecca to put back on the shelf. Then I went through the &ldquo;keep&rdquo;
pile a second time and eliminated some more by walking around in them. I
narrowed the choice to two pairs, and I couldn&#x02bc;t really distinguish
between the two, but I thought of a great idea.

I tried on Left Shoe A and Right Shoe B at the same time and walked around. I
noticed a definite difference; there was much more shock on my heel when I
stepped on my left foot than on my right. I thought this might have something to
do with the way I walk, so I put on Left Shoe B and Right Shoe A and walked
around again. This time, the shock was on my right heel, so I figured it must be
the shoes.

Rebecca thought I was rather clever.

I ended up with a pair of Asics GEL-1120, and this marks the first time I have
ever owned a pair of shoes with a model number.

As for the running, we started on Monday, March 17. I later reflected that
starting this routine may have been the best birthday present Rebecca could have
given me.
