title: Explore UT!
urlname: explore-ut
date: 2008-03-03
author: Rebecca

<img src="{static}/images/2008-03-01-explore-ut-01.jpg" alt="William at Explore UT" class="img-fluid" />

Last year, William went to this giant open house at UT called [Explore UT][a]
and came back with a glowing report of how much fun it had been. This year,
William decided that I needed to see this amazing event for myself. After the
CROP Walk, we headed over to UT for an afternoon of Exploring UT.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-03-01-explore-ut-02.jpg" alt="Rebecca at Explore UT" class="img-fluid" />

Our first stop was at the Passport Table, where we received booklets that were
to be stamped at the different stations. The only place that we visited that
could&#x02bc;ve gotten stickers was from William&#x02bc;s friend Aaron, but he
wouldn&#x02bc;t give us a sticker unless we got our pictures taken with the
Longhorn cheerleaders. They weren&#x02bc;t wearing enough clothes to convince me
to get my picture taken with them, so our passports were still empty by the end
of the day. But we still had a great time!

Our first stop was at the Texas Union, where we put our names on the list for a
free game of glow bowling. There was an hour wait, so next we headed to the
[Harry Ransom Center][b]. There we had caricatures drawn and watched some really
disturbing old cartoons. One was a Betty Boop cartoon that involved this guy
getting plastic surgery on his face and choosing his new face from a series of
chanting faces hanging from the wall. Creepy.

Here are the caricatures. The danger in having your caricature drawn is that you
find out which of your facial features are most prominent. But I think ours came
out well!

<img src="{static}/images/2008-03-01-explore-ut-03.jpg" alt="Caricature of Rebecca" class="img-fluid" />

<img src="{static}/images/2008-03-01-explore-ut-04.jpg" alt="Caricature of William" class="img-fluid" />

Then we headed back to to the Union to claim our glow bowling game. I have a
long-standing fascination with blacklights. I just think they are really, really
cool. So, of course bowling under blacklights is also really, really cool. Here
are some fun pictures. I left the flash off to capture the full effect of the
blacklights. And someday, just maybe I&#x02bc;ll break 100 on a bowling game.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-03-01-explore-ut-05.jpg" alt="William bowling" class="img-fluid" />

<img src="{static}/images/2008-03-01-explore-ut-06.jpg" alt="Rebecca bowling" class="img-fluid" />

<img src="{static}/images/2008-03-01-explore-ut-07.jpg" alt="Bowling final score" class="img-fluid" />

It was a good day!

[a]: https://exploreut.utexas.edu/
[b]: https://www.hrc.utexas.edu/
