title: Seattle Days 3-4
urlname: seattle-part-2
date: 2010-09-30T15:36
author: Rebecca

Note: I didn&#x02bc;t take nearly as many pictures of the last two days of our
trip. Not quite as photogenic as the first two days, I guess.

On Wednesday, we went back to the Pike Place Market to eat some more of that
clam chowder. Of course, I had to get it in a sourdough bread bowl.

![Rebecca eating clam chowder][a]

[a]: {static}/images/2010-09-22-seattle-01.jpg

Then we went to the waterfront and found more cool stuff, like artsy street
lamps and a fancy fountain.

![A street lamp shaped like a person standing on a wall][b]

[b]: {static}/images/2010-09-22-seattle-02.jpg

![A street lamp shaped like a person holding a ball][c]

[c]: {static}/images/2010-09-22-seattle-03.jpg

![A large water fountain][d]

[d]: {static}/images/2010-09-22-seattle-04.jpg

At 12 sharp, we got on a motorcoach that took us and about 90 senior citizens up
to Lake Union where we took a 2-hour cruise of Lake Union, the locks, and Puget
Sound. The cruise was great &mdash; we saw the *Sleepless in Seattle* houseboat
but (a) that movie is like 20 years old, people! Move on! and (b) neither
William nor I remember anything about the movie other than the end where they
finally meet at the Empire State Building, which is not in Seattle, funny
enough. I didn&#x02bc;t take a picture.

![William on a ship][e]

[e]: {static}/images/2010-09-22-seattle-05.jpg

![William and Rebecca on a ship][f]

[f]: {static}/images/2010-09-22-seattle-06.jpg

We went through an honest to goodness lock and saved ourselves a trip to the
Panama Canal. See, I got to touch the side of it!

![Rebecca touching the side of the lock][g]

[g]: {static}/images/2010-09-22-seattle-07.jpg

And we sailed back to Seattle through Puget Sound and got to see the skyline on
a beautiful sunny day. It would seem that the most important bit of this picture
is the Seattle skyline, rather than my chin. The perils of self-photography!

![Rebecca and William attempt a self-portrait][h]

[h]: {static}/images/2010-09-22-seattle-08.jpg

The other thing that I want to say about the cruise is that the people watching
was fascinating. The people next to us were Germans and kept consulting a
pocket-sized notepad filled with, I can only guess, handwritten supplemental
material about the sites we were seeing on the tour. We had hopes of being the
youngest people on the boat, but were done for by another younger,
better-dressed couple. I guess second youngest isn&#x02bc;t bad, though.

And last, there was a gentleman touring alone (or perhaps his companions were
too embarrassed to sit next to him) who insisted on making loud witty remarks to
every other thing that the tour guide said. He also asked the Germans to use
their binoculars to look at a building in the distance and tell him what it
said. I don&#x02bc;t think their English was all that great, but he kept on
shouting at them and pointing insistently until they finally handed the
binoculars over to him. To top his boorishness off, the bright sun started to
get to him, and he found a business card, cut two little slits into it, and
taped it over his eyes. I&#x02bc;m not sure where his sunglasses were, but
perhaps he didn&#x02bc;t have room in his pocket for the sunglasses since they
were clearly filled with a large Scotch tape dispenser. This is what William
thought about all this.

![William is not impressed][i]

[i]: {static}/images/2010-09-22-seattle-09.jpg

After the cruise, we explored an antique shop (skipping the display of vintage
Playboys), got the world&#x02bc;s best hot chocolate from Starbucks, picked up
two pieces of Tom Douglas&#x02bc; famous Triple Coconut Pie from the also famous
Dahlia Bakery, and spent the evening in our hotel eating delicious Whole Foods
takeout while watching *Persuasion*. (I found the recipe for that pie online,
and you better believe that I&#x02bc;m making it soon.)

![A box from Dahlia bakery with pie inside][j]

[j]: {static}/images/2010-09-22-seattle-10.jpg

On Thursday, we rented a car to give us a chance to see more places outside of
Seattle. Yay, a day trip within a vacation! Our waitress at the Space Needle had
recommended taking a scenic drive along Highway 2 into the mountains and through
the forests. Our final destination was Leavenworth, which is a former logging
town that turned itself into a Bavarian village in the 1960&#x02bc;s. Seriously!
So, armed with our GPS and plagued the entire way by the famous gray skies and
steady rainfall that Washington is famous for, we headed out. We finally found
ourselves in Leavenworth, after two hours of this.

![The road ahead, wet with rain and surrounded by forest][k]

[k]: {static}/images/2010-09-23-seattle-01.jpg

We had lunch at this restaurant. I had fish and chips, and William had bratwurst
with sauerkraut.

![A restaurant in Leavenworth][l]

[l]: {static}/images/2010-09-23-seattle-02.jpg

We spent some time walking around the tourist shops there but didn&#x02bc;t buy
anything. They had a few kitschy shops, like a nutcracker store and a store that
sells John Wayne toilet paper (it&#x02bc;s rough, tough, and doesn&#x02bc;t take
crap off of anyone), and a funny hat store. It struck me as the kind of place
that my German-heritage hometown of New Braunfels heartily wishes that it could
be.

We drove back to Seattle along a different route so that we could go see
Snoqualmie Falls. We found them right where GPS said they would be and got
rather wet taking these pictures. Also, it was there that I sat on the coldest
toilet seat in the world. Whoever thought up metal toilets had a dark sense of
humor indeed.

![Rebecca and William at Snoqualmie Falls][m]

[m]: {static}/images/2010-09-23-seattle-03.jpg

![Snoqualmie Falls][n]

[n]: {static}/images/2010-09-23-seattle-04.jpg

From there, we drove to Bellevue to see the Seattle Temple and participate in
the work there. I don&#x02bc;t have any pictures of that because we were
hurrying to get there by 6:00 and it was like 5:57 when we pulled up. But it
looks just like this picture, I promise.

![The Seattle Washington temple][o]

[o]: {static}/images/2010-09-30-seattle-temple.jpg

We had a nice evening in the temple and even met a lady whose daughter lives in
Pflugerville, just down the road from us.

Then we went back to our hotel, changed into walking shoes, and headed to Whole
Foods one last time to get pizza for supper. We also saw two women that were
probably members of the world&#x02bc;s oldest profession. Er. And then we ran
back to the hotel in a sudden rainstorm and suddenly felt like Seattle-ites.

Bonus: on Friday, we flew home, and Mom, Emily, and Grandmother picked us up at
the airport. On our drive home, we saw a double rainbow, and you get a star if
you know why William thought that was extra cool.
