title: Seattle Days 1-2
urlname: seattle-part-1
date: 2010-09-28T21:23
author: Rebecca

Last week, William and I spent four days in Seattle. We left on Monday and came
home on Friday and had a glorious time eating, walking around, sleeping in, and
eating some more, without any real schedule or obligations.

Emily went to Grandma and Pop&#x02bc;s house for a few days, and by all accounts
had a glorious time walking around, smiling, signing, and eating sweet treats.
She even managed to grow two new teeth while we were gone, and I swear that she
got taller.

On Monday, we flew to Seattle and checked into our hotel where we had this
awesome view.

![The Space Needle][a]

[a]: {static}/images/2010-09-20-seattle-01.jpg

We were pretty jet lagged after a long day of traveling, so we picked up dinner
from Whole Foods (a little taste of home, I guess!) and watched [my new favorite
movie][b], a charming adaptation of *Much Ado About Nothing*.

[b]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ShakespeaRe-Told#Much_Ado_About_Nothing

On Tuesday, the fun began. Actually, I mean that we pretty much ate our way
through Seattle. We started with a [food tour of the Pike Place Market][c].

[c]: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230024739/http://www.savorseattletours.com/pages/25-Pike_Place_Market_Food_Cultural_Tour

![Rebecca and William at Pike Place Market][d]

[d]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-01.jpg


![Rebecca taking a break on a colorful bench][e]

[e]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-02.jpg

![William stand on the street with a large sign in the background that reads
&ldquo;Public Market&rdquo;][f]

[f]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-03.jpg

![A missionary in the crowd at Pike Place Market][g]

[g]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-04.jpg

We saw a missionary with his parents!

![A man catches a flying fish at Pike Place Market][h]

[h]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-05.jpg

One of the guys in our group went behind the counter and caught a flying fish
with his bare hands.

![Rebecca standing next to a large bronze pig][i]

[i]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-06.jpg

This is Rachel the pig, and you can put coins into her to make donations to some
worthy charity that I can&#x02bc;t remember. William really wanted me to get on
her back for this picture but that struck me as rather too agricultural.

![Our tour guide Nick holding his pink umbrella][j]

[j]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-07.jpg

Our awesome tour guide Nick and his pink umbrella.

![William with a wireless earpiece in his ear][k]

[k]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-08.jpg

Everyone in the tour wore these sexy listening devices, except for me, and
William did a good job of keeping me up to speed. But really, I was there for
the food, so it didn&#x02bc;t bother me all that much.

![Rebecca holding a small serving of clam chowder][l]

[l]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-09.jpg

Trying out the best clam chowder I&#x02bc;ve ever had. Seriously, people!

![A tray of cherry salsa][m]

[m]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-10.jpg

Trying out cherry salsa and cherry candies.

![William smiling and tasting macaroni and cheese][n]

[n]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-11.jpg

William eating &ldquo;the world&#x02bc;s best macaroni and cheese.&rdquo; It was
pretty amazing, except it was penne pasta, so I&#x02bc;m not sure where they get
away calling it macaroni.

After all that eating, we needed to walk, so we headed to the waterfront and
found more cool stuff.

![William standing in front of a tall totem pole][o]

[o]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-12.jpg

![William and Rebecca, the ocean in the background][p]

[p]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-13.jpg


![Rebecca with a large red modern art sculpture and the Space Needle in the
background][q]

[q]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-14.jpg

Then we indulged our respective inner geeks and went to a Science Fiction Museum
by the Space Needle.

![A large model of the Enterprise][r]

[r]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-15.jpg

I know I&#x02bc;m about 40 years too late, but after seeing the new *Star Trek*
movie last summer and *Wrath of Khan* only recently and *loving* them to pieces,
I&#x02bc;m beginning to fear that I might be a budding Trekkie. And there was a
good deal of Star Trek memorabilia at the museum.

![A full-size Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles costume][s]

[s]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-16.jpg

Ninja Turtles. I realize that I&#x02bc;m pretty much giving away my age by
including this picture. Turtle power!

![A humanoid monkey costume from Planet of the Apes][t]

[t]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-17.jpg

![A wax figure of Charton Heston&#x02bc;s character from Planet of the Apes][u]

[u]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-18.jpg

*Planet of the Apes* was featured prominently at the museum. And all I could
think about was how lifelike that statue of Charlton Heston was and [this
Simpsons episode][v]. Creepy.

[v]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Fish_Called_Selma

![R2-D2][w]

[w]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-19.jpg

And hats off to *Star Wars*, of course!

Next to the Science Fiction Museum is this &hellip; thing called the Experience
Music Project. It&#x02bc;s kind of like a museum to Jimi Hendrix (OK&hellip;)
and then a bunch of sound booths where you can try your hand at different
instruments. William was more adventurous than I was.

![A column made of guitars][x]

[x]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-20.jpg

![William playing with a sound board to create music][y]

[y]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-21.jpg

![William playing guitar in a sound booth][z]

[z]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-22.jpg

![The interior of the Experience Music Project][aa]

[aa]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-23.jpg

![Rebecca standing outside a building with flowing metal walls][ab]

[ab]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-24.jpg

I really liked the crazy building that the Experience Music Project was in.

After all that geekiness, we were hungry again and had a ridiculously overpriced
dinner at the restaurant atop the Space Needle. Our waitress had us pegged as
LDS because we didn&#x02bc;t order wine even though it was half off that night
and because I was &ldquo;just so nice.&rdquo; And then she told us that she was
baptized and raised LDS but didn&#x02bc;t really practice anymore. What can you
say to that except to nod politely? But then she took good pictures of us, and
we were all friends again.

![William and Rebecca at the top of the Space Needle][ac]

[ac]: {static}/images/2010-09-21-seattle-25.jpg

And that&#x02bc;s just the first part of our trip!
