---
title: Showered with Love
slug: showered-with-love
urlname: showered-with-love
date: 2009-07-19
author: Rebecca
---
I&#x02bc;m three weeks away from having a baby in the house. Seriously,
what&#x02bc;s up with that? Anyway, I had two baby showers several weeks ago,
one with my friends and family and another at work. They were both loads of fun,
and now we have a house full of baby loot that we don&#x02bc;t really
understand.

### Baby Shower 1

<img src="{static}/images/2009-06-27-baby-shower-01.jpg" class="img-fluid">

My friend Michelle offered to throw me a shower first, and then a bunch of other
people offered to throw me one. I just told them to call Michelle and offer to
help her out. (I just read her blog about that day, and it sounds like she was
super stressed out, even though she was totally calm and collected that day.)
She made yummy food (chicken salad, croissants, veggie tray, and the cute
cupcakes that you see in the picture above.) The game was easy and not in the
least embarrassing. (I don&#x02bc;t understand why shower games are typically
designed to make the mom-to-be, or bride-to-be, for that matter, to feel even
more awkward and incompetent than she is already feeling.) Here are some of the
OK pictures. There were more pictures, but I look really dorky when I&#x02bc;m
excited, apparently.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-06-27-baby-shower-02.jpg" class="img-fluid">

This is what my mom gave me. Everyone in my family has a tie-dye t-shirt for
emergency situations. That way, if we get separated, you can go around and say,
&ldquo;Have you seen a small hippie family wearing tie dye t-shirts?&rdquo; and
people will remember the shirts and help them locate us. It works in theory, at
least.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-06-27-baby-shower-03.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Here I am with one of many of her outfits. Though, I think this might be PJs
instead of a real outfit.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-06-27-baby-shower-04.jpg" class="img-fluid">

And this picture makes me laugh because my friend Shiloh is due a week before I
am, and we ended up wearing the same maternity top that day. I think someone
else has told me they have that top, too. But it&#x02bc;s one of my favorites,
and I&#x02bc;m going to miss wearing it.\

### Baby Shower 2

<img src="{static}/images/2009-07-02-baby-shower-01.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Here&#x02bc;s the cake. We were eating this for the next 4 days and still threw
away like a quarter of it.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-07-02-baby-shower-02.jpg" class="img-fluid">

The decorations here were so cute! Those rosebuds were actually baby socks, so
now I have about two dozen teeny socks in different colors. Way more useful than
a bunch of dead flowers.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-07-02-baby-shower-03.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Here&#x02bc;s a belly shot of me with my cake.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-07-02-baby-shower-04.jpg" class="img-fluid">

William came to this shower with me, and all the ladies got to fuss over him.
Later, one of them asked me if he was European, because he is so &ldquo;exotic
looking.&rdquo; And they were kind of sad that he didn&#x02bc;t wear his Trilby
hat.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-07-02-baby-shower-05.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Here&#x02bc;s one of the cute outfits that we got. Looks a little small on
William but should be darling on our baby.

Thanks to all for the fun times! Can&#x02bc;t wait to try out some of the fun
things on the baby!
