---
title: DIY Closet
slug: diy-closet
urlname: diy-closet
date: 2009-07-29
author: Rebecca
---
What&#x02bc;s the best way to bond with your spouse prior to the arrival of your
first child?

<ol class="list-style-upper-alpha">
<li>Take a romantic babymoon, complete with a spa package.</li>
<li>Treat yourselves to a dinner at a fancy restaurant and order dessert.</li>
<li>Remodel your master closet.</li>
</ol>

Clearly the answer is **C**. Yes, this is what we decided. Now, lest you think
that we are completely unromantic, we did have a fancy dinner last weekend,
wherein I accidentally ordered the most expensive thing on the menu (but at
least the waiter gave us free dessert to celebrate the impending arrival of our
baby.)

The master closet in our house was almost a dealbreaker. But since the master
suite is on the second floor of our house, I&#x02bc;d already decided that this
was the house for us by the time we got up there, and the master closet would
simply be Dealt With in Due Time.

The problem was this: there was a hideous homemade shelving unit installed in
the middle of the closet and almost no hanging space. The shelving unit looked
like something made in a high school shop class. It was big, clunky, and useless
for people like us who hang up their clothes nicely. (Sidebar: if you think that
we have lots of sweaters and blankets to fold up on shelves, I will gently
remind you that we live in Texas where I could probably get through an entire
winter with one sweater, which would have a pretty good chance of staying neatly
folded on the shelf through the entire winter.)

Our old home teacher who is a contractor was good enough to rip out the shelving
unit for us when he helped us move in, leaving us with plenty of closet space to
be designed just as we wanted. As Costco members, we were given the exclusive
offer of a discount at [EasyClosets][a] where we could design our own closet
according to our own specifications for a much more reasonable price than hiring
someone else to do it. So, after much tinkering, measuring, sketching,
redrafting, and soul-searching, we settled upon a closet design and placed our
order with EasyClosets. Now, here&#x02bc;s my plug for using them again: after
we submitted our design, William got a phone call from one of their
representatives who wanted to make a few slight tweaks to improve our design
because they wanted us to be completely happy with our purchase. That&#x02bc;s
customer service!

[a]: https://www.easyclosets.com/

10 business days later, we received 12 heavy boxes of closet parts in the mail.
(Shoutout to our good friends Paul and Erin who were kind enough to bring the
boxes in for us because we were out of town that day.) We found two evenings
free this week where we put together the closet. William did a fantastic job of
measuring all the parts several times, so everything went up quite smoothly. And
now we have lots of hanging space, lots of shoe racks, and just a very few
shelves to use as we see fit.

<a href="{static}/images/2009-07-28-closet-remodel.jpg">
	<img src="{static}/images/2009-07-28-closet-remodel.jpg" class="img-fluid">
</a>

(I put that belly shot in there because I know some of you are curious to see
how round I&#x02bc;ve become. Nothing draws attention to my belly more than
wearing a red shirt with a giant silver butterfly on it.)
