title: 12 Days of Halloween
urlname: 12-days-of-halloween
date: 2011-11-01
author: Rebecca

<img src="{static}/images/2011-10-21-pumpkin-patch.jpg" alt="Pumpkin patch" class="img-fluid" />

We opted to keep our Halloween celebrations (of what?? It really is such a weird
holiday.) fairly manageable, with one trip to a pumpkin patch, one
jack-o-lantern for the family, one trick or treating session, and one trunk or
treat, all on different days and none of which happened on Halloween. Still
makes it sound like we did a lot, huh? In fact, we didn&#x02bc;t go out or
answer the door at Halloween because we had company for dinner and
Emily&#x02bc;s cute Halloween shirt was dirty (you can&#x02bc;t go
trick-or-treating in civilian clothes without looking like a really big
moocher).

<img src="{static}/images/2011-10-24-queen-emily-and-pumpkin-carving.jpg" alt="Queen Emily and pumpkin carving" class="img-fluid" />

It would seem that Emily is more like me than expected. At the pumpkin patch,
she was more interested in looking at all the pretty flowers than in picking out
a pumpkin. She picked the first small pumpkin she saw and that was pretty much
it. When we carved our pumpkin, she touched the slimy seeds on the inside and
then refused to to have anything else to do with it for the rest of the night. I
cleaned out the pumpkin and William carved it, while Emily ran around the
backyard. Of course, she still talks about &ldquo;my pumpkin,&rdquo; so I guess
she&#x02bc;s okay with taking all the credit.

<img src="{static}/images/2011-10-29-halloween.jpg" alt="Halloween" class="img-fluid" />

We went trick-or-treating at a retirement home for weekly playgroup. There were
plenty of kids running around trying to score as much candy as they could get.
Emily didn&#x02bc;t really get it, and after getting two bags of plain
M&amp;M&#x02bc;s and a bag of Skittles, she was content to sit and enjoy her
spoils. The same thing happened at the ward trunk-or-treat. She won a plate of
cupcakes in the cake walk, and that&#x02bc;s all she wanted to eat. For
Halloween day, she dressed herself in the most amazing outfit and had a Kit Kat
bar for lunch.

Happy Halloween indeed!
