title: November 13: Un viaggio a Roma, or How We Got to Rome Safely
urlname: november-13
date: 2008-11-29T10:00
author: Rebecca

William and I left Austin at noon today and arrived in Rome at 8:15 a.m. We had
no trouble at all with our connection in Atlanta. In fact, it was the perfect
connection. We walked up to the gate, picked up our boarding passes and were
boarding the plane 10 minutes later. Our flight had plenty of Italians on it
(easily recognized by their tight jeans, long square toed shoes, and funky
glasses frames), as well as a nun and what appeared to be a group of high school
students going to Europe for the first time. Their leader looked like the
perfect youth leader for kids and a parent&#x02bc;s worst nightmare because he
looked really, really easy going and a bit clueless about what was going on.
Amazing! I hope those kids have the time of their lives here.

We didn&#x02bc;t have any problems going through customs. Our longest wait was
for our luggage, but it was one of the first bags off the plane, so that was
easy, too. We took the train into Rome&#x02bc;s central station, Termini, much
to the disappointment of the shuttle driver who tried to convince us that our
method of transport would be more expensive than taking his shuttle. While
waiting for the train to Termini &mdash; the Leonardo Express &mdash; we saw an
Italian man gesticulating strongly &hellip; as he spoke into his cell phone! No
shortage of Italian stereotypes here.

Our hotel is a 10-minute walk from the station, so we were checking in by 10:30.
The man who helped us looked exactly like Tim Curry! Our room wasn&#x02bc;t
quite ready, so we waited in the lobby for about an hour and read the paper.
There&#x02bc;s a courtyard/jungle overrun with lemon trees in the middle of our
hotel, and our room is on the far side of that courtyard.

Here are some interesting things about our hotel.

1. The lights only come on when the key fob is inserted into a &ldquo;power
   box.&rdquo; (I don&#x02bc;t know what else to call it.) If you&#x02bc;re
   trying to use the key to lock the door from the inside, you have about 10
   seconds of light before the room is plunged into darkness. The first time the
   lights went out, I thought there had been a power failure. Fortunately,
   William quickly realized that the key was crucial to the room&#x02bc;s power.
2. There is no carpet, only tile, so the floor is freezing cold. It&#x02bc;s a
   good thing that I packed flip flops!
3. The toilet is flushed by pushing a panel on the wall. William had a bit of
   trouble, but when he figured it out, man, was he excited.
4. The &ldquo;mattress&rdquo; is really a box spring. Probably. It is so, so
   hard! I had to ask for an extra pillow to keep from waking up with a sore
   shoulder and neck.

Two things threatened the success of our day:

1. I have what I hope is nothing more than a cold.
2. It rained and rained all the day long.

But still, we were determined to use our time well. So, after a short nap in our
freezing cold room, we decided to head out. Our only fixed appointment was a 3
p.m. entry at the Galleria Borghese museum. It appeared simple enough on a map.
Because it was raining so hard, we had thought about taking a taxi, but then
decided to just tough it out on the Metro because, honestly, how hard could it
really rain? Truth is, pretty darn hard. Whoops. So, our first stop was to buy
an umbrella for William.

Then we took the Metro without incident, getting off at the Piazza di Spagna
stop. We followed the signs to the Villa Borghese, came up out of the station,
and found ourselves in the middle of what appeared to be equestrian training
grounds. What? No sign of Villa Borghese and no signs to point us in the right
direction. I could kind of see some buildings that might have been the museum,
so we tromped through those equestrian training grounds towards those buildings
and found ourselves right back at another entrance to the Metro station. Uh oh!
So, after asking for directions twice (the first person who helped us was
clearly just as confused as we were, and he was a policeman! I hope that no one
ever called him for an emergency response, because he probably wouldn&#x02bc;t
have gotten there.), we found ourselves in Borghese Gardens, walking along the
footpath called &ldquo;Via della Galleria Borghese.&rdquo; I didn&#x02bc;t know
how strict the museum would be about enforcing the 3 p.m. arrival time, but I
was hoping that they&#x02bc;d be patient with us if we arrived late. And we got
there in good time, along with several other large tour groups.

The Galleria Borghese is most famous for its sculpture collection, and we
certainly got our fill of Bernini and Canova there. The sculptures were pretty
amazing. Bernini&#x02bc;s detail was so thorough! The museum has some other
stuff, like paintings, but the sculptures were, by far, the most interesting. We
also walked around the gardens behind the museum, which were filled with lemon
trees.

Next, William wanted to see the Piazza del Popolo of _Angels and Demons_ fame.
According to our map, it wasn&#x02bc;t terribly far, but it had started raining
again. I think that this trip is destined to be a rainy one. We took the
underground tunnel to the Spanish Steps because it was dryer and so that William
could see the Spanish Steps. There&#x02bc;s really not much to see, just a bunch
of steps in front of a church. But now William can say that he&#x02bc;s seen
them, and people will be so impressed because they won&#x02bc;t know that the
Spanish Steps are a bit of a letdown. And then we wandered down the Via del
Corso, looking at all the fancy designer shops, until we got to the Piazza del
Popolo. The piazza was overrun with some exhibit about eco-friendly cars, but we
could see the obelisk and that was all William really needed to see.

Then we turned around and went back down the Via del Corso, in search of
Giolitti. We&#x02bc;d seen a clock that said, &ldquo;Giolitti to the right, 200
meters.&rdquo; So, we went to the right and ended up back at the Spanish Steps,
which is in the opposite direction of where Giolitti is, according to my Rome
map. By that point, we decided just to go back and find some pizza for dinner.
Not too far from the train station is a pizzeria called La Gallina Bianca, and
that&#x02bc;s where we ate our first real Italian meal, pizza and Fanta. I love
those pizzas baked in a wood burning stove! There was something strange, though:
it was the first restaurant we had ever been to that had a cover charge. We
decided not to go back.

We took a quick stroll through Termini to make sure we could find the
McDonald&#x02bc;s where we were meeting the shuttle and then went back to the
hotel for a good night&#x02bc;s rest.
