title: High School Musical 3
urlname: high-school-musical-3
date: 2008-11-10
author: Rebecca

I have 15 minutes left of work before my vacation officially begins. So,
I&#x02bc;ll fill the time up with a blog post about my latest obsession, the
_High School Musical_ series. You say, &ldquo;But Rebecca, aren&#x02bc;t you
turning 30 in a few months? Aren&#x02bc;t those the movies that 10-year old
girls giggle about?&ldquo; And to those questions, I answer, &ldquo;Yes to
both.&rdquo;

For some reason, I got it lodged into my little brain that I wanted to see _High
School Musical_. Maybe it&#x02bc;s when I read that the third one had been
released in theaters. Maybe it was all the magazine covers with Zac Efron. Maybe
I just wanted to see a new movie. So, I don&#x02bc;t know how my obsession
started, but it&#x02bc;s been there for a while.

William was a good sport and trekked with me twice to Blockbuster to find it on
DVD. And we paid $5.40 to rent it. Worth every cent. Then we checked out the
second one from the library. Again, it was amazing. And on Friday night, we
splurged and saw the third one in the theater. Best one yet!

Seeing the third one was especially interesting. I had expected our fellow
movie-goers to be largely underage, with the occasional reluctant parent. What I
hadn&#x02bc;t expected was just *how* giggly underage girls could be.
There&#x02bc;s one scene where Zac Efron (sometimes known as Troy Bolton) takes
his shirt off in the locker room and puts on his basketball jersey. The
tittering was unbearable. The catcalling was just as bad. (Where do girls learn
to scream at men?) So funny! Here&#x02bc;s the other awesome thing: William was
one of two men there. The other man was some grandfatherly type there with his
equally grandmotherly wife.

But the movies are so much fun: singing and dancing a-plenty, lots of soulful
looks from cutie Zac Efron, and a plot line that a 5-year old could follow. (You
know, sometimes it&#x02bc;s nice not to have to think terribly hard about a
movie.) We&#x02bc;ve been singing snippets of the songs all weekend. See this
movie soon. Or just wait until it&#x02bc;s at the library and check it out. But
it&#x02bc;s a good one, for sure.
