title: Cruising!
urlname: cruising
date: 2008-02-06
author: Rebecca

We are going on a cruise in November. For those of you who know me only slightly
well, I sometimes get these brilliant ideas and then can&#x02bc;t let them go. I
don&#x02bc;t know if it&#x02bc;s an endearing or exasperating quality, but
that&#x02bc;s just how I am.

A few weeks ago, I got an email about some amazing cruise deal, and that got me
thinking that I would really like to go on a cruise with William. I&#x02bc;ve
been on a cruise before and really liked the convenience of cruising, which
allows you to see a bunch of different places without ever having to worry about
where you are going to eat or sleep. That email planted the seed in my mind, and
I suggested it to William. He seemed mildly interested in the idea of going on a
cruise in Europe, so I took that interest for instructions to investigate
further. After about a week of online searching, discussion with William and
others, and budget analysis, I found a reasonably-priced Celebrity Cruise that
will tour the eastern Mediterranean. The cruise leaves from Rome, and has stops
in Sicily, Athens, Mykonos, Santorini, Rhodes, Ephesus, and Naples.

I think we got a really good deal on the cruise. We&#x02bc;ll be able to
celebrate our anniversary on a Greek island, and the timing of the return to
Rome is such that we&#x02bc;ll be able to spend part of the Thanksgiving
holidays exploring Rome. We&#x02bc;re really, really looking forward to it! Only
9 more months to go.
