title: Towed-ally Awful Day, Part 2
urlname: towed-ally-awful-day-part-2
date: 2008-02-03
author: Rebecca

Here&#x02bc;s the rest of my car story. I&#x02bc;d written my first blog post as
soon as I got home from the dealership, and my car&#x02bc;s fate was still
unknown to me. William got home about 45 minutes after I did, and we decided
that we&#x02bc;d make dinner at home instead of going out. It wasn&#x02bc;t a
difficult decision, since we didn&#x02bc;t really have a good way to get to a
restaurant without the car. While we were making the quiche (which was amazingly
good, by the way), the service representative called to let me know that my car
had been repaired. This was around 6:45, which meant that they had gotten to
work on my car much more quickly than they had anticipated. Anyway, the engine
control unit (ECU) was faulty and needed to be replaced. As he explained,
that&#x02bc;s the car&#x02bc;s computer. I was glad that they&#x02bc;d had the
parts and were able to replace it quickly. The best part: the repair was covered
under warranty, so it was completely free!

In retrospect, it wasn&#x02bc;t really that awful of a day. I mean, it was an
inconvenience, to be sure, but it could&#x02bc;ve been much worse. The weather
was very pleasant, I discovered the problem early enough in the day to do
something about it (as opposed to being broken down on I-35 in Friday evening
rush hour traffic), everyone was able to help me quickly, I didn&#x02bc;t have
any hungry and tired kids in the back seat, and everything was free.

The other cool thing about that day was that we got a new washing machine. Our
apartment came with a washing machine and dryer, and our washing machine was
ancient. We noticed last week that it was taking a long, long time to fill up.
So, I put a work order in, expecting to come home and find that they&#x02bc;d
replaced a leaky valve. But instead, they just installed a new washing machine,
and life is good again.
