title: Goofing Off
urlname: goofing-off
date: 2010-01-15T12:58
author: Rebecca

We&#x02bc;ve taken lots of cute pictures of Emily in the last few weeks, but
they don&#x02bc;t really fall into a neat category that is easily blog-able.
Except, you know, &ldquo;More Cute Pictures of Emily.&rdquo; But they&#x02bc;re
all pictures of her goofing off, so that&#x02bc;s what I&#x02bc;m going with
here.

![Emily][a]

[a]: {static}/images/2010-01-05-emily-01.jpg

![Emily][b]

[b]: {static}/images/2010-01-05-emily-02.jpg

These pajamas were on the clearance rack, and I think they&#x02bc;re pretty
amazing (thanks for finding them, Mom!) William said they look like retro
wallpaper from the 1950&#x02bc;s. The bear (Bearvo) is still one of her favorite
toys. Most of the time. On Wednesday, I heard her yelling at him and saw her
shaking him pretty hard, so maybe they had a fight.

![Emily][c]

[c]: {static}/images/2010-01-06-emily-01.jpg

_Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?_ is Emily&#x02bc;s favorite book.

![Emily][d]

[d]: {static}/images/2010-01-07-emily-01.jpg

![Emily][e]

[e]: {static}/images/2010-01-07-emily-02.jpg

The weather in Austin has been freezing (literally, lest you Northern folks
scoff at my perception of cold). Since I don&#x02bc;t have tons of winter
clothes for Emily, she got bundled up in layers. Two pairs of socks, jeans, a
onesie, a shirt over the onesie, a fleece hoodie, a cap under her hood, and a
blanket in her lap. She seemed pretty pleased with the getup and liked the cold
weather a lot more than her mother did.

![Emily][f]

[f]: {static}/images/2010-01-09-emily-04.jpg

Emily has a lot of fun with William. He&#x02bc;s definitely more exciting than I
am.

![Emily][g]

[g]: {static}/images/2010-01-12-emily-01.jpg

Emily had her first bite of solid food this week. (Except can I call rice cereal
&ldquo;solid&rdquo; if it&#x02bc;s completely watered down with formula?) She
took it surprisingly well and kept about half of it down. All in all, a
successful attempt, at least until she grabbed the spoon out of my hand and
threw it on the floor. Sigh.

![Emily][h]

[h]: {static}/images/2010-01-14-emily-01.jpg

![Emily][i]

[i]: {static}/images/2010-01-14-emily-02.jpg

![Emily][j]

[j]: {static}/images/2010-01-14-emily-03.jpg

And last night, we took a bunch of pictures of her smiling because she was just
so happy. One of my favorite things about her is her gummy smile, and I wanted
to get lots of pictures of it before her teeth come in.

Who knew that goofing off could be so cute?
