title: Home Alone
urlname: home-alone
date: 2009-04-29
author: Rebecca

First of all, William is in Las Vegas all week. He&#x02bc;s there for
&ldquo;work,&rdquo; though he told me that last night he had dinner at a place
called Stripburger, so I can only imagine how hard they are working. He comes
home on Friday. Yay! (Note: I know some of you have sent your husbands off for
longer and far more dangerous endeavors than this one, and major snaps to you.
You should know that I am a wimp.)

So, I am home alone this week. I had such good intentions of using my evenings
to pack boxes, do some shopping for the house, maybe even some cleaning in
anticipation of the move. Very noble and lofty aspirations. Instead, I am
dangerously close to finishing off an entire pan of lemon bars and have been
catching up on my views of NBC&#x02bc;s _Office_ on Hulu.com. My fridge is full
of leftovers to be eaten this week because I hate cooking for 1. (Though last
night, I did pack up five boxes and pull out some kitchen stuff to be moved.)

Turns out that William motivates me a lot.

Also, I don&#x02bc;t like being home alone at night. I have an active
imagination. I just finished reading a mystery called _The Last Dickens_ by
Matthew Pearl. Very good book, if you like mysteries. But there&#x02bc;s a scene
where a crazy lady breaks into Charles Dickens&#x02bc; hotel room while
he&#x02bc;s sleeping and kidnaps him. I read that part right before I got ready
for bed and was pretty spooked. I turned on all the lights in the apartment so
that any potential kidnappers would know that I could see them just fine and
scream really loud if necessary. And tucked myself very tightly into bed.

And last night I had a scary dream that would&#x02bc;ve been much less scary if
William had been there to hug me when I woke up. I dreamed that our baby had
been born and I hadn&#x02bc;t seen her yet. But when they finally let me see her
to feed her, she looked like me as a toddler and was already crawling and hungry
but not interested in nursing. I was trying to figure out how I had given birth
to such a large child and what in the world to feed her. And then at some point,
we were all driving in a van (*why?*) trying to get somewhere in downtown Austin
so that I could buy her some baby formula. The exit I wanted to take was closed,
so I had to take the next exit, which required me to go up an amazingly steep
hill. The hill was so steep that the van stalled and then flipped over and
&hellip; then I woke up.

I can&#x02bc;t wait until William comes home.
