title: All Hail Breaks Loose
urlname: all-hail-breaks-loose
date: 2009-04-18
author: Rebecca

(Yes, I&#x02bc;ve been saving that title for weeks. Just wanted to find time to
write this blog, but how could I not write it when I already had such a clever
title?)

The last week in March, we had a really, really bad storm right during rush
hour. We made it home before the rain got too heavy, thankfully, because traffic
pretty much stops in Austin any time it rains. Lots of cautious drivers here.

Anyway, we were cooking dinner when suddenly we heard this racket outside.
William checked it out and said that it was hailing. Now, hail is not unusual in
Texas. It seems like every time there&#x02bc;s a big thunderstorm (a
gullywasher, as we like to call them), it&#x02bc;s accompanied by some decent
pea-sized hailstones. (My first thought was, &ldquo;I hope it&#x02bc;s not
talent-sized hail, because otherwise, we are in the midst of the Lord&#x02bc;s
Second Coming, and UH OH!&rdquo;) But when I went to look out the window, this
is what I saw: golf-ball sized hail coming down by the hundreds. GOLF-BALL. Have
you ever seen a golf-ball? They may look small, but bullets are small, too, and
pretty deadly. My point is that golf-ball sized hail is bad news.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-03-25-hail-01.jpg" alt="Hail" class="img-fluid">

<img src="{static}/images/2009-03-25-hail-02.jpg" alt="Hail" class="img-fluid">

I thought, &ldquo;Oh, man. Our car is just a sitting target!&rdquo; But like I
was going to step out in the hailstorm to look at the car, and I certainly
wasn&#x02bc;t about to let William do it, either. So, we just watched the
hailstones falling and hitting all the cars in our parking lot and hoping for
the best. From what we could tell, there weren&#x02bc;t any direct hits on our
car&#x02bc;s windshield. And then about 5 minutes later, the hail stopped, the
rain slowed down, and the sun came out. (That&#x02bc;s the other thing about
Texas storms: they are fast and furious, and then they&#x02bc;re gone.)

So, William ventured out to make sure that our car was OK and took the camera.
When he came back in, the first thing he said was, &ldquo;Do you know if our
insurance will cover a cracked windshield?&rdquo; And I was pretty sure that he
wasn&#x02bc;t making polite conversation. So, then we went and looked at our
windshield, and sure enough, there was a nice size crack on the passenger side
of the windshield. Sigh.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-03-25-hail-03.jpg" alt="Hail" class="img-fluid">

We filed a claim online, and $378 and three weeks later, we have a brand new
windshield on our car. There was also some body damage &mdash; two dings on the
roof, but we haven&#x02bc;t been able to get that taken care of yet. The
estimate came out to $978 for the body repairs. So expensive!

The storm seems to have taken on legendary status among Austinites, though. The
man who replaced our windshield told me that his company had to send staff
directly to their distribution center to get more glass. There was so much
damage here that they ran out! I&#x02bc;ve seen several car dealerships with
hail sales, including an Audi dealership. Hmm. And our insurance company told us
that they had 4,100 claims in Austin from the hailstorm. No telling how many
claims other insurance companies had.

At least it wasn&#x02bc;t the Second Coming.
