---
title: Rebecca gets a new hobby
slug: rebecca-gets-a-new-hobby
urlname: rebecca-gets-a-new-hobby
date: 2009-04-18
author: Rebecca
---
I haven&#x02bc;t had a real hobby since &hellip; well, now that I think about
it, I don&#x02bc;t think I&#x02bc;ve ever had a serious hobby, unless you count
playing with Barbies and that stopped when I was &hellip; never mind. Anyway.
High time for me to get a hobby, right?

Does anyone remember [President Uchtdorf&#x02bc;s talk from the Relief Society
meeting][a]? I&#x02bc;ve had that rattling around in my head since he gave that
talk.

[a]: https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2008/10/happiness-your-heritage

<blockquote class="blockquote pl-3 border-left">
    <p>The desire to create is one of the deepest yearnings of the human soul.
    No matter our talents, education, backgrounds, or abilities, we each have an
    inherent wish to create something that did not exist before.</p>
</blockquote>

Well. Hard to argue with that, except how was I going to tap into that
potential? I decided to take a watercolor class through the University of
Texas&#x02bc; community education program. I found a five-week course for a
reasonable price. The instructor has an MFA (serious creds) and I figured that
it would be time and money well spent if it motivated me to get a new hobby and
give me a chance to create. It started at the end of March and meets once a week
for 2 hours on campus in the Art Building. My classmates are all about where I
am: wanting to learn something new and curious about venturing into the
semi-terrifying world of painting and needing a hand to hold us through. The
teacher is really good at that. He keeps saying, &ldquo;Just make your mistakes
and learn from them. That&#x02bc;s what this class is all about. It
doesn&#x02bc;t have to be perfect, as long as you&#x02bc;re learning.&rdquo;

I could go on and on about how much fun I&#x02bc;m having, how artsy my teacher
is (he even wears these old school 80&#x02bc;s Ray-Bans glasses. *Cool.*), how
great my classmates are, how I really like squeezing out paint onto my little
palette and mixing the heck out of it, or how when I&#x02bc;m at work, I think
about things that I could be painting. But I won&#x02bc;t. I&#x02bc;ll just put
a picture of my most recent creation here.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-04-15-painting-01.jpg" class="img-fluid">

This is based on the print of one of my favorite skirts that no longer fits me.
(But it will fit again, hopefully around mid-September. Please?)

Now, I don&#x02bc;t think that I&#x02bc;m headed for selling stuff on Etsy any
time soon, but I&#x02bc;ll try to post more pictures of the paintings that I
finish. My last class is this week (sadness) but I think I&#x02bc;ll be able to
keep it up, at least until I can take my next class in the fall. (William has
already said that he&#x02bc;ll watch the baby so I can go paint. Yay!)
