title: We&#x02bc;re back and full of Christmas spirit
urlname: christmas-spirit
date: 2010-12-05T18:30
author: Rebecca

I&#x02bc;m feeling like blogging again. November was an off month for me. Not
that I didn&#x02bc;t have things to blog about, but I just didn&#x02bc;t feel
like it. But it was a good month full of family, friends, good food, and the
first normal Thanksgiving of my married life. Oh, and we bought a Christmas tree
for a screaming deal. Anyway.

So, this year we&#x02bc;re trying out some new Christmas traditions. The first
one that we came up with is going to the Christmas Singalong at the Texas State
Capitol. This is a long-time event in Austin, and last night we went for the
first time with our friends the Cluffs.

Normally, I don&#x02bc;t like going to things where there will be lots of crowds
fighting for parking and making loud noises where I can&#x02bc;t hear
what&#x02bc;s going on. But I read about the singalong and thought it sounded
like something that would be fun for us to do. So, I put my game face on, and it
turned out to be one of the best ideas ever. We didn&#x02bc;t even have trouble
finding parking!

The singalong was hosted by the local NPR station, led by one of the hosts of a
show that we didn&#x02bc;t recognize. Everyone had a little songbook, and we
sang honest to goodness Christmas songs for an hour. Well, there were a few
thrown in for the kiddos, like &ldquo;Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer&rdquo; and
&ldquo;Frosty the Snowman,&rdquo; but nothing sketchy like &ldquo;Baby,
It&#x02bc;s Cold Outside.&rdquo; There were tons of people there, and the
weather was perfect, not cold but cool enough to remind us why we love living in
Texas. At the end of the singalong, the State Christmas Tree was lit.
It&#x02bc;s not as big as the National Christmas Tree (you know, states have
smaller budgets) but was still big enough to impress the kids. We had a great
time singing, and it reminded me just how powerful the true Christmas spirit can
be in bringing people together.

And a few pictures, even though the light was not conducive to good photos.

![Crowds singing Christmas songs at the Texas State Capitol][a]

[a]: {static}/images/2010-12-04-state-capitol-01.jpg

The stage where the host was leading us in song. His outfit was just like what
you&#x02bc;d expect from someone who works in public radio. (Does anyone
remember the NPR Ladies on SNL? Kind of like that.)

![Emily riding on William&#x02bc;s shoulders][b]

[b]: {static}/images/2010-12-04-state-capitol-02.jpg

William and Emily stuck together almost the entire time.

![Janelle singing][c]

[c]: {static}/images/2010-12-04-state-capitol-03.jpg

Janelle getting into the spirit of things and belting out Christmas tunes.

![Emily][d]

[d]: {static}/images/2010-12-04-state-capitol-04.jpg

Love those big eyes!

![Rebecca and Emily][e]

[e]: {static}/images/2010-12-04-state-capitol-05.jpg

Emily did hang out with me for a bit but went right back to William.

![Emily and Tori][f]

[f]: {static}/images/2010-12-04-state-capitol-06.jpg

Emily getting a bear hug from her buddy Tori. They were squished into the
stroller together, and neither of them really seemed to mind.

![Janelle and Rebecca][g]

[g]: {static}/images/2010-12-04-state-capitol-07.jpg

William surprised me by taking this picture. Janelle caught on quick enough, but
all I could muster was this cheesy grin.

![Tori and Emily in a stroller together][h]

[h]: {static}/images/2010-12-04-state-capitol-08.jpg

Emily and Tori chilling in the stroller.

![William and Emily with the Capitol Christmas tree in the background][i]

[i]: {static}/images/2010-12-04-state-capitol-09.jpg

The best picture that we got with the State Christmas Tree. It&#x02bc;s a
horrible picture, but I suspect William will think it&#x02bc;s awesome because
it looks like he has a light saber going through his head.

We&#x02bc;ll definitely be going back to this for as long as it&#x02bc;s held.
It&#x02bc;s a great way to start off the Christmas season here in Austin!
