title: Baking
urlname: baking
date: 2010-12-21T20:25
author: Rebecca

(Today has been a challenging day with Emily, one of those days where she does
the opposite of whatever I want and throws my hair dryer attachment into the
toilet for good measure. So, maybe writing this post will remind me that there
are a few bright shining moments in motherhood.)

A few weeks ago, I had a morning full of time with nothing to do, and we were
going a bit stir crazy. I remembered that there was a coffee cake recipe on the
back of a yeast packet that I&#x02bc;d been meaning to try for a while. As our
luck would have it, we were also out of cereal and needed something for
breakfast the next day. So, several needs collided to generate the idea that
Emily and I could bake a cake together.

I was kind of nervous about how this would go, but the recipe didn&#x02bc;t have
eggs in it, and I resigned myself to the idea that any size mess would be worth
it if Emily had fun in the kitchen. We pulled up a chair to the island and I
gave specific instructions not to make any sudden movements. I gave her a whisk
and a bowl to play with while I worked on the mise en place (doesn&#x02bc;t that
sound fancy?) That&#x02bc;s probably the key to success in cooking with kids:
get it all set up beforehand! So, with about 5 minutes of prep, we were on our
way. I read the recipe out loud and Emily would dump the required item into her
bowl. And then she would whisk the heck out of it. I&#x02bc;d read the next
ingredient, and she would dump and whisk. With this step repeated about 10
times, we suddenly had the makings for a nice coffee cake.

It was a really fun morning for us, except for the part where Emily fell into
the trash can. (I don&#x02bc;t even know how to explain how that happened, but
rest assured that I had just changed the bag, so she didn&#x02bc;t emerge
covered in potato peels and old mail.) I later realized that we took twice as
long and made twice the mess but we had twice the fun making our little cake.
Here&#x02bc;s what we came up with and here&#x02bc;s what Emily thought of it.

![A coffee cake][a]

[a]: {static}/images/2010-12-01-cake.jpg

![Emily with her cake][b]

[b]: {static}/images/2010-12-01-emily-01.jpg

![Emily eating her cake][c]

[c]: {static}/images/2010-12-01-emily-02.jpg
