title: November 18: Mykonos, or You Can&#x02bc;t Tell Me That I Can&#x02bc;t Go to Delos Today
urlname: november-18
date: 2008-12-09
author: Rebecca

We went down to breakfast at about 10:00. We found Amy and Tony in the
caf&eacute; and sat with them and learned about the rest of their day in Athens.
We went back up to our room and got ready to go ashore on Mykonos. We decided to
take the computer to see if we could find any wireless networks in town while we
were there.

We wandered along the harbor and through a few streets looking at shops. The
water in the harbor was so clear, we could see down to the bottom. Rebecca found
a nice place to sit, with a wireless network coming from a restaurant next to
us. She checked her email and started posting a blog entry while I browsed in a
shop for souvenirs. From this point, we were able to see some ferries entering
and leaving the harbor. Rebecca thought they might be the ferries to Delos that
the cruise people said would not be running today. She left William with the
computer and walked around to find out what the deal was.

After a few minutes, Rebecca ran back (yes, ran) and announced that the ferries
we were watching were indeed going to Delos, and the one docked at the moment
was the last one of the day. And it was leaving right now.

We sprinted to the end of the dock, bought our tickets, and were the last people
on the boat before the crew raised the gangway. We barely made it! Good thing we
were sitting down by the harbor where we could watch the ships come and go. The
ride to Delos was beautiful. It took about thirty minutes. Once we landed on
Delos we had to buy another ticket to get into the archaeological site to
actually walk around the Greek ruins there. We spent about three hours learning
about the ancient Greek settlement there. We even climbed some very rickety rock
steps to the highest point on the island, Mount Kynthos, which is the legendary
birthplace of the god Apollo. Delos has quite a colorful history, both for its
religious sanctuary to Apollo and for its strategic location in the Aegean Sea.
It was a thriving settlement up until about 88 BC, when King Mithridates of
Pontus sacked it and the island never recovered. We were really glad to have
made it out to Delos because there&#x02bc;s not a whole lot to do in Mykonos
except eat, shop, and go to the beach.

In the evening we watched _Destino_, a film collaboration between Walt Disney
and Salvador Dali. It&#x02bc;s about 60 years old and had never been released
until a few years ago. It was only 6 minutes long and looked just like Salvador
Dali&#x02bc;s paintings fused with Walt Disney music. Definitely strange, but in
a cool way. (It&#x02bc;s all over YouTube, if you&#x02bc;re that curious.) Then
it was time to eat, and after that, we went to bed.
