title: November 25: A dry day in Rome until we walked back our hotel
urlname: november-25
date: 2008-12-31
author: Rebecca

November 25<sup>th</sup>, our last day in Rome, was filled with good things. We
took a closer look at Santa Maria Maggiore, which was about 10 minutes from our
hotel, and is one of the four great churches of Rome. It was here that we
learned that any good Catholic church must have a relic related to Christ or one
of the saints. This particular church has the manger of Christ located beneath
its high altar. Our next stop was an open air market where we stocked up on
goodies and gifts. And then we were ready to visit St. Peter&#x02bc;s and the
Vatican.

Our first stop was the Vatican Museums, which is what feels like miles and miles
of the treasures of art collected by the Catholic church over the centuries.
There are Greek and Roman sculptures, early Christian sarcophagi, a huge
collection of Egyptian antiquities, and countless paintings of the Holy Family
by every Renaissance artist imaginable. And throughout the whole thing are signs
with arrows pointing in the direction of the Raphael rooms and the Sistine
Chapel. Because, let&#x02bc;s be honest &mdash; who wants to see early Christian
sarcophagi when the Sistine Chapel is so close? But the signs are deceptive, and
you really do have to walk through a bunch of other rooms before you even get
close to the Sistine Chapel, which is easily the highlight of the tour. By the
time we got to the Sistine Chapel, we were tired (too much religious art will
take a lot out of you!) And there were no places to sit because all of the other
tourists were just as tired as we were and had taken all of the seats. So, we
took a quick look around and then headed out.

We found lunch at a restaurant near the museum&#x02bc;s entrance and then headed
back to the entrance of Vatican City so we could see St. Peter&#x02bc;s. We
entered through the Bernini Colonnade, and it truly is a sight to behold. Those
popes really knew what they were doing when they built St. Peter&#x02bc;s
because it is breathtaking to walk into the courtyard and see the church and its
massive dome for the first time. We made our way through security and finally
found ourselves within the church. Again, *wow!* It&#x02bc;s absolutely
stunning. We had a little self-guided walking tour that I&#x02bc;d found online
to help us see some of the more interesting features of the church. One thing
that I&#x02bc;d missed last time was the red stone laid in the floor near the
entrance, which is the stone upon which Charlemagne was crowned emperor. And
there were plenty of papal tombs and monuments, and of course, a statue of St.
Peter near the high altar. We also visited the underchamber of the church which
has more papal tombs. We found the tomb of John Paul II, which is an understated
white monument with gilt lettering. (It&#x02bc;s very clear that John Paul was
the most popular pope of this century because you can still buy plenty of
souvenirs with his picture on them. Poor Benedict.)

Our tour of the Vatican and St. Peter&#x02bc;s took a good part of the day, and
we finally got away in the early afternoon. Our next stop was a look at the
Castel Sant&#x02bc;Angelo, the pope&#x02bc;s fortress and the Mausoleum of the
emperor Hadrian (to classical scholars). We also headed over to the Piazza
Navona so that William could see the obelisk of _Angels and Demons_ fame. It was
getting dark and cold by that point, so we beelined to the Pantheon for one last
stop. And we couldn&#x02bc;t pass up a chance to get ice cream at [Giolitti][a]
before calling it good in Rome, so we revived our strength there with three
scoops of gelato. We got dinner at a restaurant near our hotel where the waiters
appeared to be more interested in placing bets on Italian football than in
bringing us our bill. We were tired!

[a]: http://www.giolitti.it/en/

And if you&#x02bc;re curious, the next day we flew home without any glitches at
all. It was definitely the easiest trip home from Europe that I&#x02bc;ve ever
had, especially considering that it was the day before Thanksgiving. All in all,
what a fantastic and unforgettable vacation this was! We&#x02bc;ll treasure the
memories of this trip for a long, long time!
