---
title: November 15: Messina, with an approaching-death experience and a random Caravaggio
slug: november-15
urlname: november-15
date: 2008-12-04T10:00
author: Rebecca
---
Our first port! Messina was supposed to be an easy day. Our ship arrived at 11,
one hour earlier than expected. Messina is not *that* far from Rome, so I still
don&#x02bc;t understand why it took 18 hours to get there by water, when
it&#x02bc;s only 6 hours driving. But anyway, we had a nice morning &mdash;
slept in, got dressed, ate breakfast in the caf&eacute;. At 11:15, Celebrity
hosted a get-together for those of us who had met on Cruise Critic. The party
was a bit of a disappointment, though, since our Cruise Director did most of the
talking, and we didn&#x02bc;t really get to talk to each other. But at least now
we know what everyone looks like.

At 12:15, we met our tour group to take a bus tour of Messina and its city
museum. The bus drove us up and down and all around Messina. At one point we
were rounding a corner on a very narrow downhill street when we came face to
face with a big truck the size of our bus. There was no way we would be able to
pass each other without smashing the cars parked on either side of the street,
so our driver threw the bus into reverse and proceeded to drive backwards uphill
around the corner and up the street where we had just come from. It was the most
impressive driving we have seen in a long time.

We saw the city museum, which had a really random collection of art. But there
were a couple of Caravaggio paintings in there, so that was interesting. We also
stopped for a restroom/gelato break where we had our first gelato in Italy:
chocolate, pistachio, and strawberry. *Yum!* We also met a nice couple from
Pennsylvania who asked William if he was from Norway. His hat is certainly
getting a lot of attention on this trip! Our last stop on the tour was
Messina&#x02bc;s Duomo, which is famous for its clock tower. The church itself
was bombed out in World War II and subsequently rebuilt. It has statues of all
of the Twelve Apostles and some angel. And we were back at the ship by 4:15.

This time we were a little smarter and found an afternoon snack so that we
wouldn&#x02bc;t be ravenously hungry by dinner time. And it seemed to help quite
a bit. And then we puttered around the ship until dinner time. I don&#x02bc;t
think that we will sign up for the late dinner on our next cruise because it
throws our whole schedule off. We had a &ldquo;snack&rdquo; at 5:00, hamburgers
and French fries. So, we weren&#x02bc;t especially hungry by dinner time. But if
we hadn&#x02bc;t eaten then, we would&#x02bc;ve been starving.
