title: Night, night! Don&#x02bc;t let the OUCH!
urlname: night-night-dont-let-the-ouch
date: 2008-09-16
author: Rebecca

At the end of July, I noticed that I was breaking out in a rash on my arms and
back, with a few other isolated breakouts on my legs and feet. They were red and
very, very itchy. At first, I thought they looked like bug bites and wondered if
we had fleas or some other bug in our apartment. But William had no such red
spots, which led us to rule out the bugs as the cause of my rash.

I started going through other possibilities, thinking that I was having an
allergic reaction to a new allergen in my environment. The only problem was that
nothing had changed! Lotion, no. Perfume, no. Laundry detergent, no. Shower
cream, no. Shampoo, no. Dryer sheets, no. Then I started thinking about foods
that might have triggered it, and the only thing that had altered is that
I&#x02bc;d switched to 1% milk from skim for about a week. And I dearly, dearly
hoped that it wasn&#x02bc;t the sign of a milk allergy, since that would pretty
much suck all of the joy out of my dairy-rich diet. But I even went off of milk
for a week to see if that helped, and it was awful. I needed my milk.

I went to a doctor, and she had nothing to add, except that she confirmed that I
didn&#x02bc;t have hives. She prescribed a steroid cream that I was to apply
&ldquo;sparingly, as needed&rdquo; three times a day. Whatever! I put on the
cream whenever my arms itched, which was often. So, so itchy! And we still had
no idea what was causing this. This went on for about a month. I even made an
appointment to see an allergist.

Then one morning, William woke up with a brilliant stroke of genius. I think he
was truly inspired, because he doesn&#x02bc;t usually think that easily in the
morning. Anyway, he started thinking about the tiny dark spots we&#x02bc;d found
on our sheets and couldn&#x02bc;t explain, and did a little research online.
[Here&#x02bc;s what he found.][a]

Bed bugs! It all made sense! We took our bed apart and found a small colony of
them in our box spring. We moved our mattress into the front room, since it
didn&#x02bc;t look like it had any bugs in it, and quarantined our box spring in
our bedroom until the special $90 zippered cover that we ordered arrived. We
also ordered a mattress cover, just in case any bugs decided to try to come
back. Our mattress is only 10 months old, so I really didn&#x02bc;t want to
chuck it. So, we have been sleeping in our living room, like this.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-09-16-mattress.jpg" alt="William sleeping in the living room" class="img-fluid">

But yesterday, our mattress cover arrived, so we will be moving back into our
bedroom. Hooray!

How on earth did we get bed bugs? I mean, it&#x02bc;s not like we are untidy
people who haven&#x02bc;t caught up to modern hygiene practices. We have two
ideas. Our apartment manager thinks they came from the nice people who live
upstairs. However, I also could&#x02bc;ve picked them up from either of the
ghetto hotels where I stayed for business trips in June and July. Who knows?

And one other question: how come they only bit me, and not William? I mean,
I&#x02bc;m glad they didn&#x02bc;t bite him because it simply would not have
done to have both of us scratching like mad, but the bugs were even on his side
of the bed! They must have walked all the way around him and headed straight for
me. I don&#x02bc;t know if I should be flattered or slightly appalled.

So, now, if someone says, &ldquo;Don&#x02bc;t let the bed bugs bite,&rdquo; I
might just have to say, &ldquo;Too late&rdquo; and smile knowingly.

[a]: https://web.archive.org/web/20160108172022/http://ohioline.osu.edu/hyg-fact/2000/2105.html
