title: A major award
urlname: a-major-award
date: 2009-05-29
author: Rebecca

There&#x02bc;s a fun new food blog called [Foodie Giveaway][a]. Once or twice a
week, readers have the opportunity to win food-related products, like cookbooks
or seasoning mixes. It&#x02bc;s ridiculously easy to enter the giveaways &mdash;
just leave a comment or two or three on the blog. Much better than some sites
where you have to enter your full name, mailing address, email address, home
phone number, cell phone number, husband&#x02bc;s favorite ice cream flavor, and
the estimated number of children that you plan to have in the next 6 years, just
to enter. And then you don&#x02bc;t win anything, but you start getting a bunch
of emails from the company when all you wanted was to get a $2 off coupon for a
tub of heart-healthy margarine.

[a]: https://foodiegiveaway.blogspot.com/

So, I was excited about Foodie Giveaway, since they have some pretty nice things
on there. And the blog just started last month, so I imagine that the giveaways
will get bigger and better as more people subscribe to it and the author finds
more sponsors.

The best part is that I&#x02bc;ve already won a prize. I left a comment on one
of their giveaways about spaghetti carbonara being just about the best pasta
dish on the planet, and a few days later, I found that I had won a box of
spaghetti. That&#x02bc;s almost as good as a coupon for $2 off a tub of
heart-healthy margarine.

Anyway, now you all know about Foodie Giveaway and will enter the contests in
ridiculous numbers, thus dashing the odds of my ever winning anything better
than a box of spaghetti. But it was fun while it lasted!

(And Natalie, consider this a challenge from me to you to find a decent recipe
for spaghetti carbonara. It&#x02bc;s just butter, cream, cheese, eggs, bacon,
and pasta, but I have yet to find the winning combination that instantly
transports me back to Piazza Pellegrini in San Francisco &hellip; Are you up for
it?)
