---
title: My Pretty Girl
slug: my-pretty-girl
urlname: my-pretty-girl
date: 2009-08-16
author: Rebecca
---
One week ago, I was at home waiting patiently for my 10-minutes-apart
contractions to either speed up and/or get stronger, and William was at stake
priesthood meeting. What an interesting week we have had since then!

We went to bed on Sunday night thinking that we might as well get some rest
before going to the hospital on Monday. (I&#x02bc;d been scheduled for an
induction at 4:30 p.m. on Monday and didn&#x02bc;t have any reason to believe
that plan would change.) About 15 minutes after we lay down, my water broke.
After a quick phone call to the doctor&#x02bc;s emergency line, we headed off to
the hospital. I don&#x02bc;t think that I&#x02bc;ll be able to tell the
specifics of my experience there for a while (too painful), but I can say that
I&#x02bc;m very grateful that William stayed by my side the whole night and that
we had an extremely capable and patient nurse to guide me most of the way.

Emily was born at 7:59 a.m., which means that I was in labor for 22 hours, if
you count the time that I spent on Sunday waiting through mild contractions. But
I was only in the hospital for 8 of those, so I don&#x02bc;t think I will be
able to lord it over her later, a la &ldquo;I was in labor for 22 hours with
you, and *this* is the thanks I get??&rdquo; Here&#x02bc;s what she looked like
when she was all cleaned up. I was so glad that she wasn&#x02bc;t a weird
looking newborn. Well, she does look a little surprised here, but at least her
head isn&#x02bc;t all smashed or scratched up.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-08-10-emily-01.jpg" class="img-fluid">

We were at the hospital until Wednesday afternoon, and they took really good
care of me. The nurses were all so kind and patient, and my doctor and
Emily&#x02bc;s doctor came by regularly to check on my progress. I also had free
room service, which was pretty sweet, because I could have French toast and ice
cream whenever I wanted.

I really like this picture of William and Emily. Can you tell that he&#x02bc;s
excited to be a dad?

<img src="{static}/images/2009-08-10-emily-02.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Probably the best news that we got in the hospital was that Emily passed the
newborn hearing screening test. What a relief that was for me! But look how cute
she looks with the head phones on.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-08-12-emily-01.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Here she is in her first outfit that didn&#x02bc;t consist of hospital-issued
shirts. Of course, it&#x02bc;s way too big for her, but she still looks cute.
And that look on her face is one of my favorites.

<img src="{static}/images/2009-08-12-emily-02.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Since we&#x02bc;ve been home, our schedule has consisted mainly of eating,
sleeping, feeding Emily, and taking showers as time allows. Mom and Carrie
stayed with us until last night and were total lifesavers. I think Emily will
miss being changed by Grandma and sucking on Aunt Carrie&#x02bc;s fingers!

Emily is a pretty easy baby. We call her our sleep machine because we have to
wake her up to eat, more often than not. So far, we&#x02bc;ve averaged 1-2
feedings in the middle of the night, so we do get good chunks of sleep. I think
she&#x02bc;s having a little growth spurt this weekend because she&#x02bc;s been
eating a lot more and for longer periods of time.

William is a rock star dad. I always knew he was going to be good, but I have
been totally blown away by him this week. He&#x02bc;s done most of the diaper
changes, he swaddles her and everything stays tucked in (when I swaddle her,
something invariably comes loose and distresses her), he gets up with her in the
night to change her and cuddle her before I feed her, and sometimes I catch him
lying on the bed with her just hanging out and holding hands. Such a sweet dad.

I&#x02bc;m still recovering slowly but steadily. I have so far managed to avoid
any trips to the emergency room and hope to be back in business soon. Having a
baby is *hard* work, so it&#x02bc;s a good thing that Emily is cute enough to
compensate for my trouble. I sure do love my pretty girl.
