title: 2 years and a lesson learned
urlname: 2-years-and-a-lesson-learned
date: 2009-11-22T15:08
author: Rebecca

On Tuesday, we celebrated our second wedding anniversary. Time flies.

We had some friends over for dinner last night, William&#x02bc;s old
Elder&#x02bc;s Quorum president who just got married a month ago at the ripe old
age of 32. His wife is lovely, and we are thrilled to see him in such fine
hands, after his many years as Austin&#x02bc;s Most Eligible Bachelor.

Over dinner, we compared &ldquo;How We Got Together&rdquo; stories. Our friend
and his wife dated at BYU nine years ago but things didn&#x02bc;t work out then,
and they only recently reconnected and were married last month. William and I
met on my first Sunday in Austin in 2004, didn&#x02bc;t speak again until a year
and half later, and didn&#x02bc;t start dating for another year after that. We
finally got married in 2007.

I was thinking about these stories this morning and how Things Always Work Out
in the End. I left Provo in 2004 wondering what would become of me. After living
in Austin, jobless, almost friendless, and (worst of all) boyfriend-less, in
spite of my best efforts not to be so, I wanted out. &ldquo;Time to move to X
and start over?&rdquo; I prayed. &ldquo;No, you need to wait. Wait.&rdquo; And
so, I waited and waited. The job came after a year. Friends trickled in and out.
But still no boyfriend. I prayed again, &ldquo;I&#x02bc;m done looking for what
I think I want. Show me what&#x02bc;s out there. Maybe there&#x02bc;s hidden
potential that I&#x02bc;m not seeing.&rdquo; And I waited. About a month later,
I was given an opportunity to see what was out there. And nine months later,
William and I were married.

The lesson I learned this morning as I thought about how long it takes some
people to find a spouse/have a child/achieve some far off goal is this:
sometimes, the hardest thing that the Lord asks us to do is to *wait*. We are so
accustomed to setting a goal and knowing the timetable in which the goal will be
achieved (e.g. If I exercise and watch what I eat for X months, I can lose 2
pounds a week and be at my ideal weight by the summertime.) And so, when we do
all we can by living righteously, keeping the commandments, serving others,
attending church, and honoring our covenants, it is frustrating not to see the
outcomes that we desire in the timetable that we desire. But as is usually the
case, the blessings that we desire and ultimately receive from the Lord are
always, always worth the wait.

Now, I can&#x02bc;t leave you without some pictures, right? So, a brief history.

2006 (long before we started dating)

![2006][a]

[a]: {static}/images/2006-06-24-rebecca-william.jpg

2007 (still before we started dating but only about a month before)

![2007][b]

[b]: {static}/images/2007-01-13-rebecca-william.jpg

2007 (obviously, after we started dating)

![2007][c]

[c]: {static}/images/2007-11-17-william-rebecca-closeup.jpg

And that brings us to now, 2009, with everything that was totally worth the
wait.

![2009][d]

[d]: {static}/images/2009-10-31-family.jpg
