---
title: LiveStrong 5K
slug: livestrong-5k
urlname: livestrong-5k
date: 2008-10-26
author: Rebecca
---
<img src="{static}/images/2008-10-25-5k-01.jpg" class="img-fluid">

<img src="{static}/images/2008-10-25-5k-02.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Yesterday, William and I ran our first 5K! A few months ago, a friend of ours
sent out an email announcing that she was running in the LiveStrong
Foundation&#x02bc;s LiveStrong Challenge and wanted people to donate money. (The
LiveStrong Foundation was started by Lance Armstrong, and its primary function
is to raise money for cancer research.) I&#x02bc;d wanted us to have a goal like
this and this seemed like a great cause, to boot.

So, we began training. William found a &ldquo;Couch to 5K in 6 weeks&rdquo;
training plan, and that&#x02bc;s what we did. Three times a week, we headed to
the track at our gym and worked up to running for 30 straight minutes. Some of
those runs were late at night, and others were very, very early in the morning.
But having the race as our ultimate goal really helped to motivate us. Well, me,
at least. Can&#x02bc;t speak for William and how motivated he felt when I would
say, &ldquo;Looks like we&#x02bc;ll have to get up at 4:30 tomorrow to go
running.&rdquo; Sometimes, we have to help each other out.

Yesterday was the race. Our friend Erin had agreed to run with us, and her
husband came to cheer us on and take pictures. We headed down to the Capitol
around 7 and found hundreds of other runners who all looked like they knew a lot
more about running than we did.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-10-25-5k-03.jpg" class="img-fluid">

<img src="{static}/images/2008-10-25-5k-04.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Honestly, when you see people who are jogging uphill as their *warm-up*, you
know you&#x02bc;re in a completely different league. Anyway, we ran the race,
stopping once to grab a drink of water, and William was amazing. He ran the
whole thing and helped me to keep going, even on that one last hill where I
thought I was going to fall over because I was so out of breath. And I grabbed
his hand just before we crossed the finish line, mostly because I wanted us to
be able to show that we were in this together. We even finished in a respectable
time, 31:28.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-10-25-5k-05.jpg" class="img-fluid">

This picture is of the finish line, and it made me laugh because on the right
side is the chute for regular runners and the left side is the chute for cancer
survivors who got a yellow rose after the race. It wasn&#x02bc;t exactly clear
what was supposed to happen there &mdash; the &ldquo;Survivors this way&rdquo;
sign was a posterboard written on with a Sharpie marker. I think the volunteer
in charge of making that sign must have flaked out at the last minute. Anyway, I
think a lot of people probably went down the Survivor chute on accident &mdash;
I almost did, except that William tugged me in the right direction. And we saw a
guy from our old ward walking around with a yellow rose, and I&#x02bc;m not sure
that he&#x02bc;s really a cancer survivor. I think he just got confused.

Now, running the race was great. We&#x02bc;re in better shape than we were six
weeks ago, and we&#x02bc;ll probably run more races in the future. But as we ran
yesterday, I had a chance to reflect on what this was really all about. One of
the things that you could do is wear a little card if you were running in memory
of someone, in honor of someone, or as a cancer survivor. The cancer survivor
cards were yellow, and I was surprised to see so many yellow cards plugging
away. And I was absolutely astounded to see how many people were running in
honor of someone or in memory of someone who had succumbed to cancer: Steve,
Lance, Mom, and Uncle So and So and a hundred other names that were unfamiliar
to me, but so, so special to those who wore their cards proudly. I
couldn&#x02bc;t help but think that we were really running as a symbolic show of
support for those who couldn&#x02bc;t run. It was intensely moving. And
here&#x02bc;s who I ran for.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-10-25-5k-06.jpg" class="img-fluid">
