---
title: Pumpkin Patch
slug: pumpkin-patch
urlname: pumpkin-patch
date: 2008-10-12
author: Rebecca
---
Yesterday, William and I went to a pumpkin patch. There&#x02bc;s a farm in
Marble Falls that we really like, Sweet Berry Farm, where we&#x02bc;ve gone to
pick berries before. It&#x02bc;s a pretty drive, and it&#x02bc;s so fun to come
home with our spoils and stuff ourselves silly. So, we thought the pumpkin patch
would be fun, too. It seemed like a quintessentially Fall thing to do.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-10-11-pumpkin-patch-01.jpg" class="img-fluid">

It turns out that I had a rather romantic view of pumpkin patches. I thought
we&#x02bc;d be able to go and pick our pumpkins off of the vine in the cool of
the day and have a nice picnic in their pavilion. But I was pretty much wrong
about everything.

First of all, it was hot!  We&#x02bc;d had cool, breezy weather with a nice
cloud cover all morning, but as soon as we arrived at the farm, the sun came
out. OK, it wasn&#x02bc;t as hot as it was the time we went blackberry picking,
and I had sweat rolling down my back, but it was still warmer than I liked it.

Second of all, there were piles of pre-picked pumpkins everywhere. No vines in
sight! But they did have more varieties of pumpkins than I&#x02bc;d ever seen
before, including peanut pumpkins that looked like they had peanut shells glued
all over their sides. They were crazy!

<img src="{static}/images/2008-10-11-pumpkin-patch-02.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Third, there were only about a million people there, mostly little kids. We were
pretty much the only people there that didn&#x02bc;t have at least one munchkin
in tow. (I&#x02bc;ll have to remember this for my child-rearing years: kids like
jumping onto piles of pumpkins.) So, we ate our picnic in the hatch of our car,
since the pavilion had been overrun by kids painting pumpkins and being painted
and stuffing scarecrows.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-10-11-pumpkin-patch-03.jpg" class="img-fluid">

That said, it was still a nice outing. The drive is pretty, and we did come home
with a 12-pound pumpkin that will be finding its way into a pie (or four) one of
these days. Our picnic was way fun, and we discovered some amazing new cheeses,
including a white cheddar that we&#x02bc;ll throw in some macaroni and cheese
later this week, and this soft cheese with cranberries in it.

<img src="{static}/images/2008-10-11-pumpkin-patch-04.jpg" class="img-fluid">

And the corn maze was pretty fun, because we kept running into different groups
who would ask, &ldquo;Have you found X city?&rdquo; and we would point them in a
certain direction. And William would hear someone shout, &ldquo;I found X
city!!&rdquo; and we could go running towards it, too. It was all about
teamwork. Nothing like getting lost in a scary, big maze to bring out the
cooperative side in people. I&#x02bc;m sure I could make some gospel
applications to this. Maybe for a fireside talk someday!

<img src="{static}/images/2008-10-11-pumpkin-patch-05.jpg" class="img-fluid">

Happy Fall!
