title: Emily Rides the Train
urlname: emily-rides-the-train
date: 2012-04-24
author: William

On Saturday, 14 April 2012, I took Emily on her first train ride. For you folks
not in Austin, this is a small commuter rail line that runs from Leander
(northwest of Austin) to downtown. There is a station about 3 miles from our
house.

Before Emily went down for her nap, Rebecca told her that I had a surprise for
her when she woke up. So when I went into her room after her nap, the first
thing out of her mouth was, &ldquo;Mom said you have a surprise for me!&rdquo; I
told her we were going on a little trip, but that wasn&#x02bc;t enough.
&ldquo;Where are we going?&rdquo; she asked, over and over. I couldn&#x02bc;t
keep the surprise much longer. I told her we were going to the train station.

We had been to the train station once a few months ago, but only because we had
about 20 minutes to kill while a Walgreens nearby filled a prescription. We
didn&#x02bc;t see any trains that time.

Now Emily was excited. &ldquo;Are we going to see trains at the train
station?&rdquo; It took a few minutes for everything to come together in her
little brain, but she eventually came to the conclusion, with wide eyes,
&rdquo;Maybe we can get on the train at the train station!&rdquo;

We packed a bottle of water and a few snacks into my lunchbox, or
&ldquo;Emily&#x02bc;s briefcase&rdquo;, gave Rebecca and Molly some kisses, and
drove to the station. We played with rocks on the ground and ran around on the
platform and tried out all the benches we could find. Finally a train came by,
but it was not going the way we wanted to go and it didn&#x02bc;t even stop at
our station. Emily was impressed with how fast it went.

<img src="{static}/images/2012-04-14-train-1.jpg" alt="Emily at the train station" class="img-fluid">

We waited a little longer and our train arrived. At first it looked like Emily
was apprehensive about getting on. She wanted me to carry her. But once we were
on the train she walked around and climbed on seats excitedly. There were not
very many people on the train yet because our station is close to the north end
of the line, so we practically had half the train to ourselves.

We had a wonderful time. When I asked Emily what she liked most, she said she
liked that the train was going fast. We listened to the electronic conductor
voice announcing stations and we practiced saying the station names.

&ldquo;MLK Jr Station,&rdquo; I said. &ldquo;LMNOK Junjor Station,&rdquo; Emily
repeated.

<img src="{static}/images/2012-04-14-train-2.jpg" alt="Emily on the train" class="img-fluid">

The trip downtown took about half an hour, and by the time we got there Emily
was ready to get off and look around. She also wanted to go to the restroom. The
station downtown is right in front of the Austin Convention Center, so we popped
in, took care of business, and got back on the train. After about ten minutes we
started our journey back home.

There were quite a few more people riding northbound, including a little boy who
looked about two years old riding with his father. The boy had a complete
meltdown and cried for about ten minutes. Emily did what she always does in that
situation. She looked at the boy like there was something wrong with him and
asked me, &ldquo;Is that boy sad?&rdquo;

<img src="{static}/images/2012-04-14-train-3.jpg" alt="Emily on the train" class="img-fluid">

At one point I realized that when Emily said something like, &ldquo;When we get
to our station, are we going to get off?&rdquo; or &ldquo;How far is it to our
station?&rdquo; she was actually trying to say &ldquo;Howard Station&rdquo;.
When you drop the leading H and trailing D, you get something that sounds a lot
like &ldquo;our&rdquo; and further demonstrates Emily&#x02bc;s ultimate
cuteness.

When we got home Emily was excited to tell Rebecca about our trip, and
I&#x02bc;m looking forward to more awesome dates with my daughter in the future.
