title: The Framework of Our Lives
urlname: the-framework-of-our-lives
date: 2019-11-17
author: William

*This is the transcript of a talk I gave in church on Sunday, November 17,
2019.*

<audio controls src="{static}/extra/2019-11-17-the-framework-of-our-lives.mp3"></audio>

The phrase &ldquo;concluding speaker&rdquo; can mean a lot of things to a lot of
people. Sometimes it means I have to be flexible and write a talk that I can
give in 30 minutes or 5 minutes, depending on what happens first.

But today, for me, it means that after hearing these talks from Brother May and
Brother Bartlett, I can see some threads of doctrine that have passed through
all of the talks that you will hear today. Some of those threads are the need
for us to center our life on Jesus Christ, or to increase our dedication to
Christ, and our personal holiness. I will be touching on that a little bit in my
talk today.

But first, to introduce myself, my name is William Jackson. My wife Rebecca and
I met here in Austin and got married twelve years ago today (happy
anniversary!). We&#x02bc;ve been in the Merrilltown Ward since there was a
Merrilltown ward, about seven years ago when it was created. We have three
beautiful daughters, and they bring a lot of joy into my life.

So, to begin, Laodicea is an ancient city that is in present-day Turkey. It was
one of the [&ldquo;seven churches which are in Asia&rdquo;][a] to which the book
of Revelation in the New Testament was addressed.

[a]: https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/scriptures/nt/rev/1.11#p11

To members of the church in Laodicea, the Lord revealed [the following
rebuke][b]:

[b]: https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/scriptures/nt/rev/3.15-16#p15

<blockquote class="blockquote pl-3 border-left">
    <p>
        I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert
        cold or hot. So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor
        hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.
    </p>
</blockquote>

Some modern translations say &ldquo;I will vomit thee out of my mouth&rdquo;,
which is a little bit more colorful.

Laodicea was near two other towns, each of which had a unique water source. To
the north was the town of Hierapolis. It had a natural hot spring, which was
often used for medicinal purposes. To the east was Colossae, which had cold,
pure waters.

In contrast to these towns, Laodicea had no permanent good water supply. Efforts
to pipe water to the city from nearby springs were successful, but the water
would arrive lukewarm. So the saints in Laodicea knew what this revelation was
talking about when they received it.

Hot water is cleansing and healing. Cold water is refreshing and energizing. As
disciples of Christ we can be spiritually hot or we can be spiritually cold as
we minister to others. Those are both good things. As we mourn with those that
mourn and comfort those that stand in need of comfort, we share from the
source of all comfort, the Living Water of Jesus Christ.

This metaphor in the book of Revelation condemns Laodicea for not providing
spiritual healing (being hot) or spiritual refreshment (being cold) to those
around them.

[The Lord commanded][c], &ldquo;Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God
in vain&rdquo;. You may recognize this commandment as a charge to avoid foul
language, especially invoking the sacred name of God in casual conversation. But
let us consider these words closely, and perhaps we may find deeper meaning in
the commandment.

[c]: https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/scriptures/ot/ex/20.7#p7

First, remember that the Book of Mormon prophet [Nephi taught][e] that when you
are baptized, you are &ldquo;witnessing unto the Father that ye are willing to
take upon you the name of Christ&rdquo;. Then, all who partake of the sacrament
each week renew that covenant and are reminded by [the sacramental prayer][d]
that they &ldquo;witness unto &hellip; God &hellip; that they are willing to
take upon them the name of [his] Son&rdquo;, Jesus Christ.

[d]: https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/scriptures/dc-testament/dc/20.77#p77
[e]: https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/scriptures/bofm/2-ne/31.13#p13

Clearly, taking upon us the name of the Lord is a good thing. We are commanded
to do it, and, as members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, we
have covenanted to do it.

Second, what does it mean when something is &ldquo;in vain&rdquo;? It means that
it is useless. It produces no successful results, no positive outcome. For
example, if you stay up late into the night frantically studying, then oversleep
the next morning and miss your exam, your studying is in vain.

Putting these two concepts together, we find new meaning in the commandment. If
we enter the waters of baptism and take upon us the name of Christ, and then
there is no positive outcome, whether in our own life or in the lives of those
around us, then we have taken the name of the Lord in vain.

Nephi warned of this possibility when he said, &ldquo;And now, my beloved
brethren, after ye have gotten into this strait and narrow path [referring to
baptism], I would ask if all is done?&rdquo; He then answers his own question:
&ldquo;Behold, I say unto you, Nay&rdquo;.

We have made a covenant and become disciples of Jesus Christ, but all is not
done. As Nephi says, we &ldquo;must press forward with a steadfastness in Christ&rdquo;.

What does &ldquo;a steadfastness in Christ&rdquo; look like?

In General Conference last month, Elder Terence M. Vinson of the Presidency of
the Seventy [said][f], &ldquo;We can feel enduring joy when our Savior and His
gospel become the framework around which we build our lives.&rdquo;

[f]: https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2019/10/12vinson

I&#x02bc;ve never built a home, but I understand that when you build a home, you
begin with a solid foundation and a framework. After that comes the furnishings
and decoration. So, what is the most important part of your house? Is it
beautiful furniture? Is it tasteful paintings on the walls? Or is it the unseen
framework and the solid foundation?

In a violent storm, which would you rather have in your house? A well-built
framework or a comfortable chair?

We live in a time when we are constantly buffeted by spiritual storms. We can
only survive spiritually when the gospel is the framework around which we build
our lives, and not just a decoration.

When the gospel is the framework of our lives, we will be blessed with the
companionship of the Holy Ghost. This is important because our prophet,
President Nelson, [has said][g] that &ldquo;in coming days, it will not be
possible to survive spiritually without the guiding, directing, comforting, and
constant influence of the Holy Ghost.&rdquo;

[g]: https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2018/04/revelation-for-the-church-revelation-for-our-lives

I will repeat again the words of Elder Vinson: &ldquo;We can feel enduring joy
when our Savior and His gospel become the framework around which we build our
lives.&rdquo;

Elder Vinson explains more about this promise of enduring joy. He said,

<blockquote class="blockquote pl-3 border-left">
    <p>
        Giving our all doesn&#x02bc;t mean that we will be continually enveloped
        in blessings or always have success. But it does mean that we will have
        joy. Joy is not fleeting pleasure or even temporary happiness. Joy is
        enduring and is founded on our efforts being accepted by the Lord.
    </p>
</blockquote>

President Nelson has often spoken of joy. [He said][h], &ldquo;the joy we feel
has little to do with the circumstances of our lives and everything to do with
the focus of our lives.

&ldquo;When the focus of our lives is on God&#x02bc;s plan of salvation &hellip;
and Jesus Christ and His gospel, we can feel joy regardless of what is happening
&mdash; or not happening &mdash; in our lives. Joy comes from and because of
Him. He is the source of all joy.&rdquo;

[h]: https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2016/10/joy-and-spiritual-survival

While joy is often associated with feelings of happiness, they are not the same
thing. Joy comes when we know our efforts to keep our covenants and be true
disciples of Jesus Christ are acceptable to the Lord. This knowledge can only
come through the witness of the Holy Ghost.

When we truly understand the plan of happiness, we recognize that we are on
earth to be tried and tested, to show that we are committed to our Savior. We
are here so we can grow to be more like Him. Discipleship is hard, but our
burdens can be made light through joy.

Let us not be as the saints in Laodicea, lukewarm in our commitment to the
gospel. Let us not take upon us the name of the Lord in vain. Let the gospel be
the framework of our lives, not just the decoration. In Elder Vinson&#x02bc;s
talk, he concluded:

<blockquote class="blockquote pl-3 border-left">
    <p>
        There is no treasure, nor any hobby, nor any status, nor any social
        media, nor any video games, nor any sport, nor any association with a
        celebrity, nor anything on earth that is more precious than eternal
        life.
    </p>
</blockquote>

Our Savior was absolutely committed in His atoning sacrifice for us. So, let us
be absolutely committed in our discipleship to Him.

Finally, President Nelson [promised][h], &ldquo;Every day that you and I choose
to live celestial laws, every day that we keep our covenants and help others to
do the same, joy will be ours.&rdquo;

I also would like to testify that there is joy in keeping our covenants and in
making the gospel the center and the framework for our lives. I say this in the
name of Jesus Christ, amen.
